depression, I am writing this knowing there are many posts like that here. I just need to share ....I saw a post here yesterday I believe that was about those of us who dont experience any joy (anhedonia) and this being a real cause of suicidal thoughts. I have good life and friends (although they are far away). I have an amazing husband and I am fairly healthy. But I dont see any point on life....zero...and this is just plain sad. I would love to get over this. Would love find a purpose but I deeply believe there is none. Even helping people in need feels pointless because they will suffer in life so why to save them...it is just prolonging suffering....I would love to somebody to tell me that it will get better and HOW ...I am taking meds etc....joga healthy food all that I dont drink alcohol. I just dont want to wake up tomorrow with the same brain... 😢😢😢
mentalhealth, Ive been taking 20mg of Paxil since January. While I was on it I was able to feel well enough to realize a the source of my anxiety and depression was ADHD. My therapist and psychiatrist treated my for ADHD and now we feel there is no reason for me to take the Paxil anymore and yesterday I started reducing the dose to 10mg. Yay me!However I hear such horrible stories about withdrawal. I am going to wean off as slowly as possible. I am genuinely scared though. I accidentally went without it for about five days a while back after I moved to a new city and the side effects were so horrible. Its been one day and I already have headaches.Any advice for dealing with symptoms or encouraging words in general would be greatly appreciated! And honestly some success stories would really boost my confidence right now! How did you guys deal with withdrawal symptoms?
mentalhealth, This happened once today for the first time I even looked behind me to check on the sound. Im sure I hallucinated it though is it normal to hallucinate a sound or should I worry about it. What could be the cause?
depression, Ive been suffering from depression and anxiety for years now but just got diagnosed around 3-4 years ago. Im up to 100mg zoloft but Ive been thinking I need a new medicine or something along with it. Ive been feeling really shitty the past few days and after a break down today started looking up how much Zoloft I would have to take to be fatal. Im not seriously considering killing myself but I kind of dont want to be alive. I have a boyfriend but I know that he feels like I push my issues on him too much so I havent even mentioned to him how I dont want to be alive. After hours of crying I just feel numb now and Im scared Ill do it.
mentalhealth, Ive seen anhedonia but it seems like thats linked to depression. For a little over two years now I havent been able to experience positive emotions and very rarely experience negative emotions. I am not by any means depressed or suicidal. Im just purely neutral. When I get negative emotions Im generally able to tell myself to calm down and Ill be back to neutral pretty quickly. Im just wondering if anyone has heard of this before? Is it still anhedonia?
depression, I dont know why but im so obsessive with money and im only 16. I dont even spend the money I get. I literally think in money. I look at my gaming pc and think Oh thats an easy $1000 if I sold itbut I enjoy playing it its like I would sacrifice my happiness for money sometimes. I wish my parents didnt get me anything for Christmas because thats extra money in their pocket. The thought of it just fucks with me.
mentalhealth, Hi Im going say sorry now for formatting but I just need to vent and I need some advice. So right now talking to my boyfriend (been together almost four years) feels like a massive chore like I am feeling so drained emotionally afterwards. I feel so bad as well because i have been feeling this way Im trying to avoid this drained feeling by ignoring him but it feels me with such a deep feeling of guilt and i know I should tell him these things but I feel like I cant right now because he is grieving the loss of a family member (still relatively recently). Like he is putting everything on me all of his grief and indirectly his anger caused by issue at his home (we do not live together) and I have told him he should talk to someone how can offer him the kind of support that he needs because I dont know how to handle such things and it starting to take a toll on my own mental health which is fragile at best due to my own issues. I just really need some help
depression, Just reaching out to anyone having a bad day or week. People out there care about you and are encouraging us all to just focus on any of the good we do have right now. Just think about that and stay busy work and finish just one thing today if youre having a bad day. A friend from Washington State 😊
depression, A week ago I suddenly got extremely depressed. I thought I had the best weekend ever and was gonna be a happy person like I always strive to be but my brain wanted none of it. Im surrounded by fearless people that have so much fun while Im too scared to do any of it and as a result Ive done nothing in my life and it really got to me.I pour my soul out to my best friend and she says she was there for me and was gonna help. She was gonna help me through trying new things to at least let me live my life. We planned on hanging out the next day with a few other friends to do things Ive never done and I felt happy to know Im sad but at least she was there for me.But the next day comes by and we hang out. We decide to go to this huge event the school was hosting and I thought it would be a good stretch for me. Details arent that important but the gist is everyone seemed to have so much fun and enjoy themselves and I couldnt seem to do anything. At first I just stopped the bad feeling and kept trying but each negative experience made me feel a little bit worse. This kept getting worse and worse until I was trying not to sob.. and had to run out of the building and just cry for 30 minutes. Nobody seemed to care or notice I was gone. Just me.Finally the party was over and then my friends seemed to care because I had to ride home with them. I couldnt say anything in the car because anything I said wouldve made me burst into tears and my friends decided to bring some strangers back in the car. They drop me off and I say nothing and slam the door shut and run to the backyard to cry some more.Later I text my best friend the one that just yesterday told me shed be there for me through anything and she gets mad at ME for acting like a jerk on the way back. I try to explain to her that I didnt say anything because I just had the biggest anxiety attack of my life but she kept replying I dont care. I dont care. All you care about is yourself. Just be a nice person even though youre sad. I stop texting her and just generally want to stop existing.I feel so alone. This was a week or so ago and she hasnt talked to me since. It made everything so much worse and I feel like I have no one to go to or to talk to. My parents have helped as much as they can and I am so grateful for that but its not the same as having someone going through the same crap as you. Ive tried running and exercising to stop the awful voice in my head but it keeps coming back. I dont know what to do. Help.TL;DR - Suddenly feel extremely depressed tell my best friend and I feel loved and supported decide to hang out with people tomorrow to help me have the biggest anxiety attack of my life best friend gets mad at me for not having fun and hasnt talked to me for a week depression gets 10x worse.
depression, /sighSo heres the deal.Im a super super super super super stressed out person. I always have been. And I dont doubt for a second I will be stressed until the day I die. But right now school just started back up (college) but really I have no idea what I want to do with me life. The only things that interest me I know I cant do.Im interested in drawing (or at least the idea of it) but guess what I suck at it. But I dont really practice either so thats my fault. But I have no faith Id be able to get any good at it anyway even if I did practice. And Im also interested in doing something with Japanese but I have yet to learn the language but I do have plans to. But even once I know it theres no way I could be a translator like I sort of want to be. Im super antisocial and I wouldnt be able to talk to people like I need to for that job.But like I said school just started. And before it started I told me best friend hey Im going to be super stressed out and stuff like that. And I also said that I dont think theyll sick around or deal with me while Im stressed. And that said thats crazy and that of course theyd stick around. Well its about 2 days since school started? And guess who just wants to fight and have nothing to do with me?Ugh.And I just feel like a burden to my parents. But I dont think I can afford to move out. I work at a fast food place. And I think thats where Ill work until I die.I just hope its sooner rather than later.
depression, It’s the next step of my life. I need to accept and learn how to live with “depression”. If I have some of free times I will talk more about depression and how I deal with it. :-)
depression, Hello!This is my first post on Reddit. English is not my native tongue so bare with me.My mom and dad molested me from 0-18 years old. My dad got me pregnant at the age of 11. We went abroad and I had an abortion. When I was younger (before I hit puberty) they sold me to other men and allowed them to use me as they pleased for a night sometimes a whole weekend. At 18 I got a good job and moved far away from them. Now Im 23 and my life is very good. I married the man of my dreams and together we have a 1 year old kid. I know I should be happy but I always feel depressed and anxious. I have flashbacks everyday and nightmares every night. Im starting a ptsd program with a therapist tomorrow and to be honest I dont want to go - Im really scared. I dont know what will happen when I start talking about everything that happened when I was a kid.I feel like my childhood was just too messed up and I will never get over it. Im so tired of the flashbacks and the nightmares. I have too many bad memories. I dont want to live like this I cant live like this. Do you think I can get over this and be normal?
depression, So where do I begin. I guess Im just like a lot of other people on here. A year and a half ago I broke up with a girl that I had a connection with and love for that has never been matched by anything else before that point or since then. When breaking up with her I had known that we would get back together a couple weeks or a month later but anger on both sides caused things that shouldnt have been said to be said and getting back together never happened. After that it was a straight downward spiral. I spent the next 7 months mostly in bed to be honest started drinking and smoking often and often had what I always described as essentially depression attacks where out of nowhere Id spend 1 2 3 hours at night in an incredibly depressed state with crying nonstop and  constant SI. At some point id just pass out and itd be like nothing happened once I woke up. About 6 months after the breakup I was prescribed some anti-anxiety/depressants (prescribed for anxiety due to heart issues I was still closet about all my depression issues). Turns out I have a blood disease that doesnt get along with my Zoloft I had and brought out the worst of both. So for the next month (December) I was emotionally and mentally off the wall. It was bad to say the least. My issues were very clearly for the first time brought out in to the light and was pushed in to therapy which at the time I didnt understand why I needed it due to the disease/drug interactions. Well at the end of that month long period I failed to commit suicide (thank god my garage is big) and was admitted to a mental facility where I my anti depressants were switched and I started doing a lot better emotionally and we found out about my blood disease. In the following months my depression attacks dropped severely. From 3/4 a week to 2/3 a month and down to where for the past 6 months I have only had one. I moved to college 12 hours from home and had a rough time with friends at first but have since settle in and things have been doing great.So now that a general back story is set up Ill continue. Christmas time is hard for me between the general tension between everybody and my mom having to go through her third bout with cancer (happened both years prior around holiday time). And Ive often been drifting back to thoughts of the hell my life was a year ago and how two years ago I was the happiest I had ever been in my life with my girlfriend and everything went perfect. Even though my mom had just recently came out with me about her cancer I had support and was able to deal with it and come out ahead. Now Ive fucked up and have spent the past several hours finding my old computer fishing out my hard drive and going through all the old pictures I had on it and have had my first big problem in months.Sorry this is kind of pointless and Ill probably just end up deleting it but I havent talked to anybody about this in a long ass time since I havent had any issues. Bringing it up to anybody would cause more trouble than good. For anybody whose made it this far thank you so much for even reading my scattered brained shit sob story.
depression, Im 23 turning 24 this year and Ive dealt with depression for years now. It probably started when I was around 10 or 11 honestly. Since then Ive gone through phases where it gets way worse or slightly better but its definitely always been there and never gone away. Im finally getting to a point where Im just so tired of how it affects my life. I really want to see a therapist and/or begin taking some kind of medication. My problem now is that Ive hid this for almost my entire life and I have so much anxiety thinking about telling anyone about it especially my dad. My parents are divorced Im estranged from my mom and she has been diagnosed with several mental disorders including bipolar disorder. My parents hate each other and my dad often speaks ill of my mom especially her bipolar disorder. In the past Ive gone from being really upset over my relationship with my mom to being really angry with her for how she acts but as Ive gotten older and understood my own depression more Ive pretty much forgiven her because I feel like a lot of the things shes done in life are due to her mental illness which she isnt at fault for. My dad doesnt see it that way blames her for a lot of problems in our lives. Hes also repeatedly said my entire life that he prayed and prayed I wouldnt end up like her that her mental disorders wouldnt be genetic and has even said he prayed that I never end up with depression. In addition to my dad Im very close to my aunt who is more like a mom to me since my own isnt in the picture. Ive also heard her speak negatively of mental illness and on more than one occasion has said things like people need to get over depression and even accused me of being lazy when I was going through a really bad time with my depression. It has really hurt my feelings to hear my family say things about depression and mental illness while I myself have been battling it for so long... Now I feel like Ive waited too long to say something and Ive just let things build up. I cant even imagine the words I have depression or im depressed coming out of my mouth. I dont know how to say that to anyone honestly even a doctor. I feel like I have to tell my family at least my dad. Im on his insurance and live with him so I dont know how it would be possible for me to hide going to a doctor or taking medication from him. Im really scared that if I can manage to tell my dad and aunt how Im feeling that they will either not take it seriously or turn into helicopter parents. I feel like Ive done a pretty good job of hiding my depression. If I wasnt hiding the symptoms well I would HOPE that my dad wouldve brought up some concern by now especially considering hes seen what depression looks like from being with my mom. And my aunt thinks you have to have something to be depressed about.. Im scared she will think Im ungrateful or just being lazy and feeling sorry for myself... Or the other option is that they will freak out and basically keep me on suicide watch the rest of my life. I dont know you guys. I feel like if I tell people Im depressed they will treat me like Im this super fragile person whos about to off themselves at any moment should anyone around them do or say the wrong thing. I just dont want to be treated differently but I really want to get help.... Has anyone here come out to a loved one as depressed? If so how did you do it and how did they react?
depression, aight. so you dont have to read if you dont want to. im a boring person in general so i dont think this is gonna be any better but i need to get some weight off my chest. thx for being there redditanyways i was diagnosed w depression recently but ive been feeling this way since god knows when. lately its gotten really bad and i feel like i fucked up my life i just dont know where. my life right now is just me making through each day on a thread and im keeping myself alive solely on the thought that i do not want my family to go through that trauma. other than that i dont see any point in living which really sucks ass. it is the absolute worse feeling in the world to feel like you are a real waste of life that doesnt do shit for anyone that treats his friends and family like shit because youre in a bad mood that quits the sport youve been in since you were 10 even though you have fucking records people dream about that lies around instead of doing homework that doesnt do anything because hes selfish and doesnt feel like it. and yet people still fucking say that youre a good person that youre kind youre thoughtful youre smart youre hardworking. I DONT FUCKING UNDERSTAND HOW. I am wasting a life that was given to me. i could be an inspiration for kids i could be getting a scholarship for my parents i could be a fucking decent brother that gets my sister birthday presents but no.  im a fuucking lousy piece of shit. and for what reason anyways. i dont desrve anything i have ever been given in my entire fucking life. and yet here i am. i dont understand why i wish i had some purpose some way to find out who i am other than a fucking lousy ass kid.
depression, Ive struggled with depression for a huge portion of my life. Loneliness is definitely a huge culprit behind my depressive state and I have no idea how to come out of it. I feel like I struggle to make friends but I also feel isolated even if Im in a room full of people. All I know is that I feel numb and hollow. I wish I could change my situation but I feel so helpless.
mentalhealth, I dont exactly know what it is or why but I just feel stuck in life like Im not growing as a person. Im a 20 year old female but Im the same as how I was in high school and I have the same problems. I look at all my high school friends and how they are now and theyve all grown and overcame their struggles and problems and theyre doing A LOT better now in many different areas of life. On the other hand Im still the same. Also after high school my friends and I drifted apart so we dont really talk anymore. We just have other on social media so I dont really have any friends right now either. I only have one friend that I talk to. Shes younger than me by 3 years but I still consider her my best friend. The thing is though I dont think she considers me her best friend. I feel like Im annoying her by being so clingy because of my loneliness. She has other close friends and she likes talking to them and hanging out with them more than me. It also kinda hurts too that Im willing to do all these things for her but she doesnt do anything for me. I do really want to make other friends but whenever someone tries to befriend me I dont put any effort into maintaining that friendship. Its like I cant accept new people in my life or something. And when I do try to put effort I come off as a try-hard according to my sister and then it scares them away.Im also in community college right now. Im in my 2nd year. Ive been feeling this way ever since I started college and I let this feeling of being stuck affect my studies. I barely study and I used to care so much about my grades in high school but now I basically dont give a fuck even though I really do want to succeed. I also want to make my parents proud so I dont tell them about whats really going on in my studies and I keep telling myself that Ill do better but I just cant bring myself to actually do it. Im still not doing too well academically this semester and I know that this is going to hurt me in the future but that still doesnt get me to do better.This is also affecting my hobbies and interests. I like playing piano and art and I want to learn more about them and be better at both but I just feel so lazy and dont do that.As for what I feel stuck in I just feel stuck in life in general. I dont have any real friends that I could hang out with that dont find me annoying or friends that would actually care and do things for me. I dont have a boyfriend which I feel like would make my life better since I never had one before but idk. Im doing so bad in college and I dont see my purpose. I know I said I feel the same as how I was in high school but thinking about it more I actually feel worse. I had motivation in high school. I had good friends in high school. Guys actually talked to me in high school. I was excited for the future back then too. Now I just feel like my self-esteem went down more and I just feel more angry at the world. I cant even properly explain myself or how I feel so I hope some things made sense.Everyday seems so dull and monotone. Life isnt exciting for me anymore and I feel lonely. I really dont want to live like this anymore. I want to live my best life. How can I stop dreaming and saying that Ill change and actually do something about it?
depression, Hello everyone Short intro: I have been dealing with crippling anxiety and panic disorder from last 4 years. A year back I thought I had it enough and I moved Germany and applied for a graduate school I was accepted in a good school. I have just completed my first semester.I love studying I have studied everyday for last 6 months not for the exams but for the love of the subject. I was extremely motivated from the start. My one getaway from depression and anxiety was studying and I loved it. God only knows how hard it was for me to score best in my class in presentation classes because of my Panic Disorder but I did.Yesterday I got my exam results for the subject I thought I did my best in. I scored the least in my class but my examiner didnt accept my answers he didnt accept my answers because they differed from what he taught in the class. I was shattered when he told my result. 3.7 out of 4 four being lowest to pass a subject. I was expecting atleast 1.5. I taught my friends and they all did well.My classmates everyone was expecting me to top the class but i stand last in my class. I feel like all my hardwark all my love for studies and passion for the subject is washed away. The feeling of inadequacy and self loathing has returned and my self confidence have plummeted.I have requested my teacher to submit my exam for a review to senior professor and he has agreed but I feel like there wont be much improvement as in the past there hasnt been any significant improvements with others.I swear if it were any other teacher any other university any other country just any other circumstance than this one I would have scored the top. I know what i wrote and I could only well up reading my answers and seeing him scoring me zeros in them.  Sorry i needed to vent.
depression, I have everything right now. Everything I feel like anyone needs to have a great life but I can’t seem to enjoy anything. I have wonderful dogs a partner of 10 years a high paying job loving family and friends. Usually when I’m upset it’s pretty easy to shake it off but it’s more that I can’t find any joy in my life.I just beat cancer but for some reason I don’t feel happy. I feel very lost and I just can’t seem to find the support to talk it out with anyone I trust. I’m not really sure what I need in my life and a part of me really wishes that cancer just killed me off Atleast that way it’s a bit easier for me
mentalhealth, Im 99% sure im dyslexic. I have trouble spelling basic words especially when im stressed. And will misread things very often. I even sometimes mix up my bs and ds or make my ps backwards. But I think its more than that. I have trouble reading social situations when they are not obviously bad. This is especially true when it comes to friends and if they are comfortable with me or want me to be their. It makes me really anxious because I always feel like I mess up understanding what im supposed to say or do. Its even worse when texting. Also I have to be figeting with something when im not actively thinking about something. It makes me uncomfortable if im not. Idk why but a lot of the time this manifests as the urge to bite things. I chew a lot of gum to help stop this from being as bad. I will randomly meow (yes literally like a cat) a lot. It happens more in stressful situations. All of this has been happening since I could remember and caused me to not have many freinds. My bf and most diagnosed neurodivergent people think that im miody neurodivergent and im not sure if I am or if im just weird and anxious. For context im diagnosed with bipolar disorder anxiety and ptsd and im 20.I also wanted to add that I dont think being neurodivergent is a bad thing. Ive just never thought of it as something that could be effecting me.
depression, Been using light box therapy daily for 3 months now...at first a marked difference in energy and improvement in depression symptoms but has dwindled to little or no effect.Can tolerance set in with light box therapy? Is it better to use when needed rather than regularly (as I have read) or may it even be something to do with the changing seasons?Any thoughts much welcome...thanks in advance
depression, I literally wake up every morning anxious as hell mad and moody at the people I’m with and I hate it. I’ll take these Olly stress gummies but they only do so much (preventing anxiety attacks) I recognize it I acknowledge it but I can’t stop until I take a hit of my dab pen. Even then I’m still anxious and overthinking a little less than sober. I just want to cry because I know afterwards I will feel better. I don’t know what to do. Life stinks. I’m depressed. I can’t make decisions.Therapists only take out of pocket payments. Plus they’re all booked :))))Please if someone has tips or any advice I would appreciate it soooo so soooo much. I know this is a lot. I’m sorry. Anything helps.
depression, Move away they said Itll be good for you. So I listened. I joined the military and moved out at 17. I was only 7 hours from home but I never felt more alone. That was 2 years ago. I improved my situation I made friends all was good. 2 years go by and its time for my transfer.Move further away they said Youre not independent enough. So I listened. I moved as far away as I could 1400 miles away from a big city to the country side. The difference is now Im not in the same state or even the same time zone. Im 22 hours away from home not 7. Im as far away from home as I could get and I still dont feel independent. The only thing that changed is Im lonely again.I couldve moved closer. I couldve stayed in Texas and enjoyed the last 2 years of my contract. I couldve enjoyed my first truly successful relationship with a girl who actually appreciates me and doesnt judge me because Im me. I could be at home still spending time with my friends. Instead I listened to everyone else telling me to become more independent.Now that Im here I only feel lonely. COVID has screwed up the transfer process so I have no place to stay my girlfriend got a new job and it interferes with our very limited contact on the phone (Im happy for her but it stings a little.) and Im not used to living in the country. Im not used to getting stared at because of the way I dress or because my car is different or because I dress different. Im not used to the general roughness of everyone out here. I miss being back in the city I miss all the lights and general business it always felt alive even in the early morning hours.I used to get up and go for a drive whenever I couldnt sleep it was always nice to see other people out and about it reminded me that I wasnt alone. Now all I see is grass. All I see is farmland. All Im reminded of is the fact that Im alone out here. I have tried therapy before and it doesnt work. I cant burden my family because they will just say that Im weak. I cant burden my friends because I dont want to show that Im weak. I cant burden my girlfriend because she has a job and I have to be strong for her. I dont have anyone to talk to so my only release is typing this out in hopes that someone reads it and connects with me. My only comfort now is knowing that there are other people like me out there just as lonely and afraid. Hopefully this only lasts for another 2 years and I can go back home. Hopefuly...
depression, There is nothing more frustrating in the world than to understand your issues and be too weak to deal with them. I have spent the last five days trying to find a place to just talk to people and Ive been unsuccessful. I crave the interaction so badly. It hurts to be alone. I just want to talk. :(
mentalhealth, I’m on the verge of putting everything to an end. I have no will to live anymore. I’m so tired of every shit that I feel. Everyday feels like hell. This family is shit I always wanted to leave but there’s a lot of things stopping me to do so. I keep finding the light in this darkness but it seems elusive. Everyday I’m hoping I won’t wake up every morning so I could vanish in peace without feeling any pain. I’m weak I’m so weak that I can’t even fight the life that is precious to other people. I’m sorry.
depression, I like to run a knife along my arm softly. not to cut but to keep the blade. i used to self harm but stoppeddoes this count as self harm or just a good feeling
depression, Everytime I get home all I can do is just lay down because I dont have the energy to do other things. I am constantly tired like every single day and I know I have a lot of trauma that happened in my home so maybe that plays a part. At school I feel ok since I am very active but at home all I can bring myself to do is today down. I just want to know why I keep doing this.
depression, they are always trying to get me to join in with them and do stuff but i never feel like it and i always feel so bad rejecting them.
depression, Its been a while since I tried last but tonight Ive hit the lowest low so frick it Ill use the advice my peers have given me and end it. Nobody likes me so Ill die alone and those people I call frinds they wont even shed a tear .Im hated by most of the school and known as a stalker . My popularity cant improve so goodbye everyone.  Most  likely my final night on this god forsaken planet
depression, I used to be the happiest person imaginable. I had loads of friends and be generally really happy.Then i moved to high school and this intense sadness hit me. Everything was different. I had no friends. I was scared of my classmates. I hated school when i used to love it. I cried myself to sleep so many times.Eventually i started to settle in and feel better.Now im more sad than ever.And not just because of school. I do theatre and singing which used to be my hobbies but now i seize up at the thought of doing them. I used to have fun. Now i can never have fun without constantly thinking about how i could be doing something useful and that im wasting my free time. I also procrastinate a lot. I spend 3 hours on a 20 minute homework. Eventually i got in touch with some old friends. I cant tell you how lucky i am to have such supportive people in my life like them. Theyve changed but so have i.Eventually i learn that they feel similar to me.I learn one of my besties has had suicidal tendencies. It hurts to see my best friends even worse than me.Rapidly i became lower and lower dreading everything fearing time and counting every minute. I was writing a book which i haven’t even looked at all year. Ive stopped caring about my lessons. My existential dread has gained so much worse.I used to have so many ambitions. I was considered “smart” so i thought id be a scientist or something. Now i just want to be happy. I want my friends to be happy. I want my best friend who is suddenly moving to wales to not kill themselves.But i constantly invalidate myself.I have a nice family i cant be upsetI have a nice house i must be faking itIve never considered anything rlly bad and i can still wake up in the mornings i must be fine.Im also get scared that my friends secretly hate me. That they have a second group chat without me because im needy and annoying. I have 3 main friends who i trust like family but once someone bought someone else in the group a mug with everyones name on it but mine.I knew that nothing was meant behind it and my friend genuinely couldnt fit me on.But fuck that hurt.I still think about it.A mug.I hardly sleep much anymore and i have black bags under my eyes constantly when i used to pride myself on that. In fact while writing this i shouldve been asleep close to an hour agoIf youve read this far i wanna know why lolId consider myself quite young (im twelve) and ive only been in high school for 2 years. Idk if im depressed so sorry if im in the wrong place but i dont wanna get worse and become rlly depressed because like i said im very young.Pls help
socialanxiety, So lately Ive been experiencing bouts of anxiety and typically I dont get it in social settings and Ive found that usually when it happens its because of a crush I have on someone. Here lately ive been crushing on a friend and its been eating me alive. I know he probably doesnt see me in that sense but because were both in the same circle of friends and we see each other fairly often the anxiety just skyrockets and I find myself pulling away. This is a fairly new circle of friends and my typical go-to in situations like this is to distance myself entirely because even in times when Im not near the group of friends or the individual I start thinking about him and it doesnt get any better. Does anyone have any tips on how to deal with this type of situation?
mentalhealth, Sister’s StrugglesAlright Reddit fam I have never done this before but I am reaching out for some advice/similar stories in regards to my older sister. My older sister has always had ADHD and common anxiety since her teens. Despite this she had a very successful high school career and did well in college. She was a campus representative at a major university and graduated with honors in Marketing. After graduation (2008) she worked for 2 years in a major city and seemed to be on the right track although she had always desired to be a stay at home mother. This made sense as she was dating a guy that would later become her husband. After my ex brother in law finished school they moved back to our hometown and had a little girl (my niece). Shortly after her birth they decided to look for a larger home. During this time they moved in with my parents (2014). Since 2014 she has never moved out. About three years ago their marriage crumbled and my sister suffered a period of verbal abuse from the guy. Two years ago they began the divorce proceedings and it was finalized this past summer. Over the last three years my sister has been on a steady spiral. She was literally addicted to her phone in the beginning but seemed normal otherwise. She began drinking and now drinks often in her childhood bedroom at my parents house. She has written checks in my name and refuses to get a job. She attended an inpatient rehab center two summers ago and claims it was a “great experience” but has not heeded any advice. She basically spends her days on social media and just sits in her bedroom. My mom does most of the motherly duties for my niece. Overall my sister is not impossible to be around except for constant repeating. Over text she is borderline demonic. She is so cruel and mean to my mom and oldest sister. The most worrisome part is her delusional view of the world. She is worried about appearance but has no income and lives with her parents. She constantly claims to talk to her old friends from college and high school but it is all lies. She has delusions about starting a business on random family recipes and will claim to have developed “business plans” for them(they don’t exist). Finally she does have a therapist and takes ADHD/ anxiety medication. In my opinion her therapist is not helping. My parents are older and at a loss on what to do next as they love my niece. It’s really hard to explain her condition but I hope that was enough info. Any advice is greatly appreciated.
depression, 2 years ago this month I left school after a difficult breakup. We lived together and I could no longer stay there with her after what she had done. As a result of this I had to drop out of university due to the distance from my home where I was returning the commute was too far.After two years of struggling mentally with a lot of issues I finally felt ready to return. I fought all those two years with my previous university about fees they said I owed etc. A lot of issues. It finally all resolved this past December and I applied to a new school.It was exactly this month 2 years ago that my breakup and dropping out all happened. I just received notice from the school that I applied to that I was denied entry. I realized that my final semester at my last school counted towards my GPA as I left mid-semester. It ruined my GPA and I dont have the strength to fight with my previous university on this whole new issue. I was taking a lot of classes and that is a lot of poor grades that struck it down. I feel very upset and very discouraged.This month and the next are the hardest for me due to Seasonal Affective Disorder as well as of 2 years ago the reminder of everything that happened. I was also hospitalized almost a year ago due to a breakdown. Its just a bad time of year for me to receive this news. I am currently at work fighting back tears as I work front desk in the main lobby of a fairly major corporation and am constantly having to greet important people. I am having a very hard time and dont know what to do with myself. I tried so hard to get myself together this past year and things were looking positive. I know its a minor setback and there are solutions but I feel very upset and demotivated right now. I am also struggling with a whole other breakup from a relationship that was brief but important to me and traumatic because of physical and emotional abuse. I feel very lost.
depression, Im in constant need of attention or reassurance. Without it Im a mess. I cry and feel miserable. I just only made this connection a couple minutes ago even though Ive been dealing with it for quite a while. I dont want to be this way-how do I stop? Is it just my depression?
mentalhealth, This is a serious question. Ive talked about this with my therapist and I was diagnosed with ED about 2 years ago. I have this voice in my head it sounds the same as me or at least it sounds like a general voice in that I mean it doesnt sound feminine or masculine it might just be my thought process or my own conscious voice but anyway... the voice is particularly mean to me... its like the way I look is never good enough and its been this way my whole life. I like to call the voice the asshole but its almost like a persistent bully. If I engage with it or try to reason with it or make it go away it just gets stronger and louder. Ive really been struggling with my looks lately and seems like my ED is getting worse... I guess I just want some advice has anyone else struggled with this?
depression, I am inside what feels like a trap a multiplying of bad feeling. I cannot interrupt my own mind when it tells me how worthless I am. I cannot interrupt the narrative that tells me that if I were better I would have more support. That self-care self-love that can trigger the end of a depressive episode is so unreachable. Instead I reach for that which makes me spiral downwards. I used to believe I had people to bring me up when I felt like this but lately I cannot believe those same words.
socialanxiety, Every once in a while I check my followers on Instagram and find out someone I considered a friend or acquaintance unfollowed me. I try not to let it affect me too much but I do unfollow them back unless I’m really interested in their posts. Is this okay to do? Even if it’s not personal I take it as them not being interested in me anymore and decide to make the feeling mutual.
depression, My friends all left me whats the point anymore?
depression, I have nothing and nobody has ever been there for me.  I know too much about certain things.  This society disgusts me.   Money alienates everyone from each other and everyone is so very brainwashed.  Money is just a system of slavery and everyone is too selfish to do anything about it.  Nobody has ever liked me.  My parents are selfish and greedy and raised me in a household where i never had enough food.  3 years ago i almost died of starvation and my girlfriend then saved me.  All i ever did was ruin her life and bring negativity and stress into her world.  Now she wants nothing to do with me and only talks to me out of obligation of me killing myself or something similar in her mind.  She hates me everyone hates me.  I deleted my facebook and my phone and nobody has made any effort of contacting me.  Nobody cares about me.  I hate this world so very much and I have nothing.  I am nothing.  I feel like i need to go to a hospital but i have no money for people to pretend like they care.  Its all just a system taking advantage of people in pain like me anyway.   Just to make money they dont care if i live or die.  Honestly i dont know why i am even posting this.  I guess its like a final call for help but even that doesnt give me any gratification.  The government is hiding advanced ufo level technology from us that could end world hunger among other things.  Everyone is so caught up in fake materialistic things.  I know that almost nobody is capable of escaping this matrix.  They are all too captivated by its artificial wonders.  I know that basically nothing anyone could say to me would cure my apathy.  I feel so damn empty.
depression, In The Office I think Jim said that its better to be on the bottom step of a ladder you want to climb than halfway up one you dont.  Right now I feel like Im wearily raising myself one foot after another up the wrong ladder in my life.  I got a decent job right out of college and was hired before I could see many other options.  (First world problem I know)  All my life Ive been interested in entertainment: the production the business the creation the writing etc.  Ive also considered myself pretty talented in that area with a few notable accomplishments.  Now Im in a job pretty irrelevant to a burning passion of mine and feel utter constant despair.  I know many people out there are struggling to find any job let alone one in such a competitive field like entertainment but the apparent realization that my dreams could be dying is tearing me apart.  I know every kid doesnt get to be that astronaut or that baseball star or movie star but I also know that there are people out there who are trying to do anything in their power to get closer to their dreams and wont settle for giving up.  This job I have is causing me to move away from a big city where the most opportunities are for my passion.  It is in a field I am not passionate about and will probably not enjoy.  The problem is Ive quit so many great opportunities in the past I feel an extreme pressure from myself and the people I know to keep this job.  I wake up with my stomach hurting everyday from a feeling of emptiness.  I think about myself when I was growing up dreaming of what I could accomplish someday and doing everything possible with my artistic abilities.  Id rather be barely getting by but living out my goals and dreams somehow than be really comfortable doing something I dont really believe in.
depression, Ill be honest for most of my life Ive lived under a rock.  I barely have any life experiences to draw from and the ones I do have do not amount to much.  I feel like I have fallen behind in life and I cant catch up.  I dont want to be a shut-in forever but I feel like I have no choice anymore.  My time has passed it is too late for me and I should give up.  I just wish someone could show me the way teach me how to be desirable likable and worthy of attention.  This person could provide me with opportunities to better myself and not feel so alone.  However this is not the case nor will it ever be for me.  People shouldnt bother with me or feel compelled to care.  I am just a waste of space waiting around until expiration.  I am an inferior human being who missed out on life and must now face the consequences of inaction.  If only things were different.  Anyway thats my piece I am going to go sleep this off.
depression, I dont really know where to start. Ive thought for a while I might have depression and/or anxiety. I got horrendously bullied as a kid Im extremely awkward in social situations I can be in a perfectly good mood and out of nowhere something happens and then I just feel so miserable and I cant get out of it. I feel stupid asking for help like its bothering people for no reason or that its pointless to ask for help because nobody cares. I have very few friends and I dont have the kind of relationship with anyone in my family where we talk about anything. I have a 16 month old daughter but Im not sure what I may or may not have could be classified as PPD since I think Ive had it for so long. I just dont want know what to do at this point. How do I get over feeling stupid for talking about how I feel? I apologize if this doesnt make sense. Ive deleted and retyped it so many times. I dont know if anything Ive said is even relevant. Its okay if nobody responds. Thank you for giving me an outlet I guess.
depression, I dont know what to do with myself. Even though it was an awful job I made a fair amount of money and it was a job that my family was really proud of me for having. Im trying to take care of myself and focus on resumes and healing mentally. But I cant help but feel like a failure.
depression, I am trying to start this year more optimistic since I finally got the chance to move out of my parents house in 2 weeks this house feels very heavy and unhealthy for me I also will start seeing a therapist my chest feels like is ripped apart and my heart is getting so rottened that all i wish and dream for is this life to end.Emotionally and psychically I am going deep down that everyday that pass i become more and more apathetic my boyfriend doesnt help at all he only suggest to see a therapist and get myself together but what he doesnt understand is that he needs to be supportive.I think about him all the time and try not to be selfish but he just says straight to my face that I m being too dramatic too childish and selfish for asking to be loved by him and got in an argument so badly because of this asked him nicely to stop spitting venom while I was crying and i couldnt take it anymore so I punched him in the stomach after that he got angry (i was shocked by my reaction and felt very bad about it i just wanted him to stop putting me down like that)... It became so unbearable this pain i feel to the point that I m crying everytime of the day and Im starting to believe that Im really getting insane like he said I dont know how to keep myself calm until then... I am scared and sick of this life and sick to be emotionally unstable everyday I wake up do my job and wait for the day to end making fake scenarios in my head I know they aint real I wish I could end this...Is there anyone or was in a similar situation? How did you manage to get things together or at least suppress them?
depression, I always had trouble making friends my entire life. Most friends I thought I had always turned out to be people who only wanted to steal from me or use me. I dont have much of a family. My relatives all reject me. My parents ignore me. I dont have any brothers or sisters. My cousins all reject me on facebook. I have a few friends but none ever call me or text me and they dont reply when I call or text them and they always say they are busy when I ask them in person if they want to hang out but they just say that. They are my facebook friends but they never talk to me there either even though I know them in real life. I have absolutely no one to talk to what so ever. I feel very depressed about it. I feel worthless I always spend those time of the years when youre supposed to be with friends and family I spend them alone. At school I listen to others brag about what a good time they had with their friends or family on whatever time it was. It makes me feel like I should go and kill myself. New Years is coming up and I have really considered just killing myself. No one would miss me. No one at all. WIll I ever find anyone who genuinley wants me around? I feel so alone what should I do? I dont want to kill myself but I feel like I have to....
mentalhealth, Im a flight attendant traveling more often than not. I would like to talk with a counselor or therapist a few times a month. Can anyone recommend a good online service? I know theres a few but how good are they really?
depression, i dont have any friends now and the longest friendship ive had kinda ended and i really hate it. I know weve both changed but i honestly feel like shes been ignoring me for the last month. I send her messages oftenly and she never responds. She was the only real friend i had left and now shes gone.Im starting to get angry right now. Because she promised me last year that she would be by my side when i needed it. I really need her and she ignores me.Ive been through a lot and a abandonment/loneliness/rejection feeling has been with me basically my whole life and she was the only person that made that go away for a bit. Now shes making that feeling stronger and i dont really want to feel it anymore.I think friendship is the thing that now that i think about it never really had for a long time. The few friendships i had ended up badly im gonna say this one ended badly too but not as bad as the other ones. I wish i could have those friendships back and just stay like that forever but theyre long gone and are never coming bad or at least not as they were.Is this what people mean by changing? Do people just dissappear like that? I dont like it. I dont want it. I miss them really badly. And i cant do anything to get them back.
depression, I dont know what to do and i dont know why i cant move on from something that is not supposed to be a big deal. I think about playing with them and i just cant find fun in playing that game without them.I remember i was happier back then. They helped me a lot i laughed and even if it was everything so distant i even felt like i was appreciated. I just plugged in and stared st my screen hoping to get an invite just to disconnect from my weird reality and it made me feel so surreal having fun for the first time in so much time even if at the end nobody could care less about me.I struggle so much to find anything in life that feels worth enough to endure the self constructed solitude of mine. I really miss them and i really miss those times.But I know i was simply just a random idiot that happened to be good enough at the game to be worth inviting to the party and nothing else. And nothing fucking else and i just want to fucking stop thinking about them like if they ever gave a shit about me. Fuck you. Really fuck you. I hope a truck runs over you i hope your house burns in a fire and i hope you too feel the way i feel every day. Fuck you.
mentalhealth, Today just isnt my day. Yes that stresses me out but I think Ive come to accept the fact that if I push myself more than I can handle then tomorrow will be an off day too. I havent achieved everything I wanted to do today but I have achieved something. And thats pretty good too.
mentalhealth, Hello guys there is this online friend of mine with whom I have shared about my personal life the most and he is kinda the closest friend i have ever made in my life but he says i am a good friend for him not close. I also do not have many irl friends whereas he has lots of irl friends too.To be honest this thing hurts. It has been 2 months since I started talking to him only. Even he has said to me that I try to be a close friend and have high expectations but I cant do anything about it. He also already has a lot of close online friends with whom he has had a few meetups. He has been friends with them for 1.5 years. What do I do about it? I really need a good piece of advice regarding this
depression, I want to kill myself. I know I cant. Too many people rely on me. I want the misery to stop but its constant. Too many years of hoping itll get better. I need something stronger than hope
depression, This existence is insufferable
depression, Ive always had problems with the amount of sleep I get. Ive taken naps every day since I started college a few years ago and have a tendency to stay up very late and therefore sleep in very late. The last few weeks have been very bad because I have all but stopped going to class. I already dropped one of my classes because I was so far behind and frankly I didnt want/ care to do the work needed to catch up ( also it was Spanish which I have always been bad at). Im afraid I wont an A in my acting class even though its what Ive always been good at and now Im worried about passing my math class which should be a piece of cake. I screwed up at the start of the semester and now im totally bombing the whole thing. Its my first few years of school all over again except this time Im at a shit hole of a community college instead of a very good private school. I mean this place is so easy yet I still cant get myself to do the little work needed to get an A or even go to class or even get up in the morning like the rest of the world. Ive pretty much accepted the fact that im stuck at this shitty school and my once promising future has very VERY little options available to me. Im 22 but it seems like Ive already fucked up my life beyond repair. I just wish I could stop being lazy or depressed and actually do something with my life instead of sleeping it away. Fuck.
depression, I had been taking Citalopram for 1.5 years which didn’t really help much I continued with it until I changed my doctor and she actually worked me to find the right meds. I have tried Prozac Zoloft etc. I am on Wellbutrin 300 and Venlafaxine 75. I feel calm don’t have too many intrusive thoughts but physical side affects like tremors are too much too handle. I can’t talk to people they talk to me and I just nod and don’t feel like responding. I can do physical work but interactions with humans needs a lot of effort. I just want to stay in a quiet room.I am going to stop everything and see how it goes. May be I will feel worse and will know that I need the meds may be not. Let’s see.
depression, I have fallen in a deep pit of shit since my 14th bd I feel like I dont matter anymore nothing makes me hapy anymore I feel like im slowly dying. Pls help
depression, I havent talked to my friends recently and my boyfriend dumped me almost a month ago so I have no one to talk to about this at the moment.Im still recovering from trying to commit suicide 3 weeks ago. Im in medication and on going therapy. And I just feel so anxious all the time since then. It just happens when Im doing random things like while watching a movie or YouTube first Im just trying to enjoy what Im doing then poof all of a sudden my mind just starts thinking too much that my heart begins to pound and I feel very chilly inside but really sweaty then my hands would start to shake. And then after this kind of anxiety attack my mind would be blank.When the *anxiety attack* would start I would begin thinking Why I cant appreciate the things around me more even though I know that I should. I have a very supportive family and a very caring friends. I know that I am capable of big things so why do I always focus on the bad things thats happening to my life.
depression, i was depressed about a year ago to the state that i just wanted to kill myself.  I went to a therapist and thought it was better.  But these last couple of weeks have been hell not only am i so depressed that all i can do is sit in my room.  But i started to cut today just little cuts.  But it makes me feel so good  I know this is not where i should be but i dont know how to get out.  it seems like i am stuck in a room with 50 doors.  But they are all locked and i am stuck in this shit storm.
mentalhealth, i have reactive attachment disorder schizoaffective disorder (bipolar type) cptsd anorexia oppositional defiance disorder pure o ocd and most likely bpd. im 15 and ive attempted suicide multiple times since age 10. my meds make me constantly sick and miserable and angry but dont help with my symptoms as much as i want (and yes ive tried many combos and dosages). my psychotic episodes are getting worse with treatment not better. i dont know if im gonna survive to adulthood and even if i do what does adulthood even look like for someone like me? is it even worth sticking it out just to keep being miserable and a burden on my family? its not like i can go to college or get a job or have a relationship. just getting through the day without hurting myself or someone else is a struggle even with meds. i dont know what im supposed to be living for.
depression, Its been one of those days. Things have been going better for me lately but today it seems that everything has fallen on top of me. Just want to crawl into a hole and hide for a few days. But alas I have to work and Im a mom so I need to buck up and be there for her. Sigh. Could use some time-stopping skills right about now to get a break in.
depression, No matter what I do what I try I always end up wanting to be dead. Its a horrific existence and Im really so tired of it. I dont even know how to keep going. I can barely do basic things to take care of myself let alone be a half-decent person. Please someone just tell me how Im supposed to go on like this.
mentalhealth, Some background;Ive been taking Sertraline for a number of years. Firstly seeked help with help from my wife after extreme low points not seeing a way out. I have always suffered with Social Anxiety as well as occasional bouts of lowness. However around 6 yrs i took a career change mainly to start earning serious money and as i said to myself growing up. This was also the same time my first son was born. This career change meant working shifts for the first time. This is almost certainly accelerating my anxiety and low moods especially in my first shift position at a major manufacturing company. I identified this the people i worked with were incredibly negative racist homophobic xenophobic and was a total culture shock to me as i came from the Arts and independent companies.I left that job and got a role at a company in which i still work shifts albeit a varied mix and an intense schedule (2 x 64hrs weeks 5 weeks of total work and a fixed 2 weeks off) I also work on my own which i adore.To get to my point today i absolutely lost my temper at home. I managed about 4hrs of decent sleep after my first night shift woke and found the house was a mess which i can understand as its a rush for my wife to get up get my son to school and get herself to work but i feel like i am also always cleaning. I do all the cooking sort all the bills do all the shopping house keeping repairs. I the picked my son from school and took him to swimming class for 30 minutes and then came home and started cooking dinner. I will also state that i have been trying out a new diet Keto which also means that making dinner is an absolute pain. My wife came home and i just absolutely lost my temper. Told her id just had enough of always cleaning cooking etc. She responded a bit negatively and i just said im going to bed. I slept till it was time for me to get up for my 2nd night shift. I feel awful i want to cry give up start again. I love my wife and son but i always feel like bad cop the way my son looks at me suggests this. I would never hurt them and i always make sure they have what they want support my wife in anything she wants; diets career changes etcThe current political situation here in the UK the rising cost of living the general way our country is run and how people are really gets to me as well which may sound sillyI just feel like giving up. Jacking it in
depression, Today has been horrendous. Ive been dumped by my boyfriend of 4 years for another girl with who hes been friends with since before we met. He slept with her before we met and apparently has been talking to her without me knowing all throughout our relationship. He hasnt physically cheated per se (that I know of)  but I feel hes been emotionally cheating on me for a while. It hurts so f%$king much that its actually like physical pain at the moment and I cant stop crying. Hes also refusing to talk to me. We all live in the same place and Im just heartbroken and horrified by the idea that I have to see them together in the future and bump into them.Ive also found out that my dad also had an affair with someone when I was 18 years old (Im now 26) and when I had anorexia (I was close to dying from my anorexia) and cheated on my mum . Theyve been married for 35 years and my dad has always been my rock who Ive always looked up to. Their relationship was one I idolised and always wanted. I cant get my head around the idea he cheated on my mum. My sister died when she was 8 and I was 4 and they managed to get through that. My mum deserves so much better and Im so angry that he could ever do that to her at such a vulnerable time in their lives. This year Ive also lost my best friends after an incident happened at a Hen Party which made me re-evaluate if they were actually friends. They were acting bitchy and awful and so I ended up telling the bride that I dont think I could be her bridesmaid anymore and she ended the friendship and all the other friends sided with her.Ive lost my friends my partner and my Dad in such a short space of time. I feel like I have nothing but my job but even though I love my job its not enough to keep me going. I feel like  no one wants me in their lives. I cant stop crying and I just want to die. I dont see what the point to anything is anymore. My mum is my only friend I have.
depression, I hate it when people say how they enjoy it all the time its okay to say you are great but just dont repeat it all over like an idiot. I dont have any friends to come over I dont have anyone to play a game with. I dont anyone to joke with. I dont have any nice neighbours. I cant eat what I want not even for my birthday. Even my best friend forgets my birthday even though I give her presents for her birthday. They dont care. All will say oh HBD! HBD! when someone found that out. Just to get away with it. Then nothing. Fake promises and sugar-coating people. Every goddamn day is horrible. I dont have any day to remember. Any day to look forward to. Just misery. No one ever said I need you in my life. Im horrible.
depression, I dont normally air my problems out but these last few weeks have been especially exhausting and it feels like no one in my circle is listening or even concerned... Ive been having a rough go as Im sure all of you and really anyone who is alive right now is/are. Im one of those people who always tries to rationalize my depression away by comparing my life and problems to someone else in a worse part of the world (I live in the US which isnt the best atm but Im aware it could somehow be much worse at least Im not in a US occupied foreign country...all that Aid they get. ) Lately Ive been breaking down into tears about 3 to 6 times a day Im still working during this pandemic and social upheaval period. My Job puts me in contact with a lot of the social-groups that are claiming this is all a Hoax and dont adhere to the safety regulations. So I fear getting sick and retaliation physical or verbal from these baser-minds. This adding to the already agonizing head space of Im a faceless nameless cog in a reverse-masrxist society run by Sociopaths that Ive had since I was 19 (currently 30) its a great time heading in to work. Additionally when I am not working and risking my safety and mental health for almost nothing post-taxes. I find that nothing seems to spark excitement or joy. Everything makes me even more depressed things I used to enjoy doing make me feel like Im no longer good at and havent improved in years. Shows and Games I used to like watching or playing only make me long for the past when I had some joy left. Ive been on and off pills for 4 years nothing seems to work. Ive taken up smoking pot to turn Depression into numbed apathy without the adverse health risk posed by alcohol though I do admit to a 4 month stint of problem drinking when I was cleaning my system out for a job interview. Most recently I felt a sting of realization that even my friends dont really seem too concerned with my state of being. They all talked about a small newyears gathering that I wasnt even invited to right in front of me. Obviously like most of you would assume I said nothing and just let the hollow Pit in my chest cavity grow that much deeper blacker. Then last week as I was unable to sleep I was having a sob fest over an Ex-girlfriend of mine who had done The Deed in February 2020 right before the pandemic hit full effect she left behind her 2 children and Husband who was later diagnosed as terminal. I thought about how her 2 children would be left all alone for no real reason while the monsters of our race gain wealth and power at alarming rates. When I reached out to my supposed best friend of 16 years asking of they Had a little time to hear me out because I was feeling down  I was left unanswered and even the next day when they sent me a link in our DM chat; not even a simple were you okay last night? As the message just hung over the new Link I felt the pit grow more. Ive Removed myself from my social circle and intentionally refuse to answer any messages until one of them asks are you okay? - you can berate or judge me for this because I recognize its petty to try to scare them. But on somelevel people who claim to care about you should realize you can suddenly just be gone for no reason. I had to realize it twice in 2020 It feels like Im just whining and Im sorry if thats the case Im sorry if this is self-important contrived BS But Im just really empty and the Numb-ache in my chest is slowly starting to feel like someone is trying to pull my chest in half like a Surgeon Thanks for reading
depression, A bunch of people in my life think I’m gloomy because of my circumstances. That I’m gloomy because this and that happened. And yeah sure partially true I guess? But the real reason why? It’s because I’m so fucking stupid. Wish I was a brighter kid but nope sorry I’m stupid as shit and incredibly incompetent. So incompetent it’s detrimental to everyone else.
depression, Forgive me if this is a bit confusing I’m just trying to accumulate what I’ve been feeling for a while now. Anyway I’ve been feeling depressed recently due to my social life. I feel as if I don’t have the kind of social repertoire that a lot of people around me have. I am a sophomore in high school and I’ve never really found myself with that many super close friends. I know people but it seems off the table to even hang out with them outside of school. I consider myself an extroverted person and I am friendly with everyone I meet. I usually can talk to people and through that I feel that people don’t exactly hate me. Yet if I don’t initiate conversations nobody would talk to me.Additionally I tend to really overthink my social interactions. I’m genuinely not sure if I’m incompetent socially or not because I get extremely self conscious about little things that I do and cringe at myself so badly I just need to try to forget it. This usually leads to me feeling overall awful about myself. Am I really bad or just overthinking?I see a ton of people around me who seem to be doing way better than I am. I’m a guy but I never was able to get that many guy friends. I wish I could have more and have that kind of guy friendship that I see. I wish people would say hey to me or even invite me to stuff. I don’t want to be stuck in the shadows I want people to remember I exist.I don’t really know what to do with myself. I wish I could magically gain some kind of hidden social ability. Or I wish I could realize that I’m normal and completely overthinking. Whatever is necessary.
depression, Im grasping at straws just to reconnect old ties with friends and contemplating some stupid shit and shit with people who fucked me over and used me friends who I dropped months ago so I wouldnt have to keep up with their shit but at this point I feel like I need someone something - just to not be alone. I know how I feel and what I do right now isnt me and its fucking irrational that Im even doing some of the shit I am but Im tempted and I dont feel like myself though Im feeling normalcy set in and starting to calm myself.
depression, Ive been searching for many years - What am I going to do with my life?. Ive never had any idea what I wanted to do for a career never had any life goals. I dont have many wants or passions. Its the main cause of my depression. Theres gotta be somewhere I would fit in and could live a happy content life but Ive been looking for something for so long and just keeping coming up with nothing and getting nowhere. The more time goes on the more discouraged I get that I will never figure out what to do with my life.Can anyone relate?
mentalhealth, Im 18 years old and Ive been struggling for awhile now. The last 6 years of my life have been the hardest. I have gone through some pretty rough situations regarding my family at this point were not much of a family anymore. And now im left dealing with the reprocussions of what has happened to my mental health. I used to be happy I used to be hopeful. Now im filled with guilt and fear and anxiety and the world around me just feels so dark. For around the past year and a half Ive been very depressed at first I thought it was just sadness or stress from my last year in school but it kept on. Here I am a year and a half later questioning what is wrong with me constantly. I know I have issues I just know it. And I am aware that most of my issues I have today stem from what has happened in the past and I just never asked for help back then when I really needed it. I havent been able to relax in ages and I just know that the way my mental health is declining is not good. In my head I have a million issues. The Anxiety the anxiety about feeling anxiety the dissociation the self hatred the lack of motivation to do literally anything. Im so insanely confused as to what is going on with me. I dont even like hanging out with my friends anymore because I dont have the energy to give anymore. my mind is always racing im always overthinking and I always feel like something bad is going to happen. I feel so insanely alone I dont socialize all that often I still have quite a few friends I talk to but I still feel like no one understands me. the smallest things trigger me and will ruin my day. I find myself angry a lot Ive never been an angry person. Now anger has become my most common reaction to things and I hate it. I want to give up but at the same time I just want to feel normal again and happy and not angry and be able to relax again. Im a very aware person sometimes I think im too aware lol.  and I know that I need help but my anxiety stops me from being able to take that step and talk to a counsellor or a doctor or someone. honestly I just want a hug. I just want someone to tell me its gonna be ok. And does counselling and that really work because my overthinkingness and anxiety is telling me nothing can help me at this point.
depression, I rather have nobody come to my funeral and pretend they knew me.
depression, I tried I did what I could I changed my lifestyle stopped doing drugs stopped hanging out with certain people got a job that I work all weekend at night to stay away from the problems. Its not good enough for the first time in my life Im truly giving up theres no other options anymore it sucks but its reality
depression, THats it guys Im done. Im checking out. I guess Im justposting this here because for the last 4 years Reddit has been the only place Ive felt validated. It ends now. Thanks for having been a good place forme. See you on the other side maybe
depression, I been having intrusive thoughts for about 2 years now and they got stronger and stronger with time I know that im not what im thinking and I wouldn’t do it but sometimes it feels so real that I just start to feel useless that I would rather be dead or something but this thoughts are bothering me so much that I try to avoid situations that triggers the thoughts. It’s so fucking stressful. I have thought about every solution but I don’t like making my family sad if I do something stupid.
depression, I dont know what to do. My job let me go (downsizing -no hard feelings they said). My rock solid (I thought) boyfriend of 2 years tells me its unrealistic to think we have a future together (hes just not ready to settle down). Im switching meds so I feel extremely antsy/fidgety and all day nausea. Ive been depressed for several years. It really feels like this week is the week that stops me. The week I cant fight past. Dying is easy. Simple. Beautiful. Fighting is hard and I have no strength left.  No coping skills left.
depression, I was extremely happy for the past few months. I have panic disorder and manic depression and was prescribed ativan and zoloft. Recently things have started to go downhill. Im out of the honeymoon phase with my new SO weve gotten in a total of three disagreements (all resolved) in the past three weeks for the first time. Because of my previous relationship Im used to being nerve wracked to hell and feeling like the scum of the earth for having an opposing view or feeling bad about something.Im just scared and have also been feeling empty. I feel like everyone is fed up with me when theyre not. I feel like my boyfriend hates me when he doesnt and just likes space. I cant get my head together and I get so angry when I see the billboards that say its okay to ask because I think of how the people you care about ought to be the ones who make it comfortable for you to go to. I dont think Ill scare them away but Im really afraid of doing so. Whats it all for anyway?I lost my meds recently and have been off of them and have become angry and unbearable. My paranoia has been through the roof socially and even my boyfriend is seeking more time alone probably because of it. I feel like garbage. I want to get myself sorted out so we can spend time together. I want to be able to spend time with him and the people I love with peace of mind but I cant obtain it.
depression, All depressed and heading down. One stop before the ride ends. DBS. Do I take the bait?Its hard for me to check out for good when I havent tried it all. DBS is showing promise yet also mucks up your life. Any thoughts.
depression, Before i start off i just want to state that I am pro choice for the most part. However I never imagined i would be getting one myself..My relationship with my boyfriend was always rocky i had been suffering from ptsd  ever since i was a child and i guess this affected our relationship and our sex life.I wouldnt want to have sex with my boyfriend. He would ask many times and i would refuse leaving him upset and frustrated. One night i woke up to him having sex with me touching me etc. i wasnt fully awake so I didnt do anything but knew what had happened in the morning. I felt disgusted by the fact he would have sex with me while i was half asleep and not fully knowing what was going on. He apologized and stated he wouldnt do it again. Well my period was late i took a test and yes it was positive. I cried and sobbed he wasnt that supportive but still tried to confort me in some sort of way. I had to order the pills myself by my own money and miscarried the baby by myself while i was in pain both mentally and physically.After that i was more distant i begged him to buy protection but fast forward two years and he still wouldnt buy them. I cant go on birth control due to health problems.And now the horror has happened again.I know i am to blame as much as him. I was so scared of it happening again i would only be involved with him only once per month. he didnt comfort me this time no hugs no back rubs nothing. he just gave me money to buy them told me he would move out next weekend and went on to playing games on his laptop.I dont deserve to be called a mum in the future i dont deserve to ever bear children i dont want to go through with it but i know i wont be able to support the baby mentally and financially. adoption isnt an option. I just want to crawl in a hole and die.
mentalhealth, Something happened recently in my personal life and now I feel as if something heavy would be pressing on my chest and my pulse is a bit bigger than normal I think. I guess thats what anxiety feels like right? Well are there any ways to manage this feeling to be able to function and study? Its very distracting.
depression, I know Im not the first person to have this pretty generic thought and I wont be the last but really whats the point? Im so tired of life and all my actions seem to be entirely meaningless both in my personal life and in the grand scheme of things. Its got to the point where its honestly excruciating. I want to be able to enjoy things and I want to have things to look forward too and I want to feel like Ive got a purpose but it just feels like Im grasping at straws; I feel so empty that its painful. I dont want to kill myself and I doubt I even want to die but I genuinely feel like Ive just run out of energy; where do I go from here? I dont know.
mentalhealth, I’m not sure if this belongs in this community but this is the only place I knew to put it. It’s like 12:30 in the morning where I am and I was hungry so I ate. I got up and ate! No one made me eat this. This is one of very few meals in a long time I’ve eaten without being forced to. I didn’t even puke it up after. I also almost finished a whole slice of pizza earlier. That was rough because pizza is a fear food but I ate this meal without anyone telling me too. I even had one person telling me I shouldn’t but I still did!
mentalhealth, i’m feeling the biggest i have ever been. now that summer is here it’s been especially difficult all my friends wanna go the beach and all i wanna do is sleep. my depression has made me over eat this last month and it’s just been so hard. not looking for advice just somewhere to vent.
mentalhealth, What is the purpose of life. Like honestly no bs like “to live for the moments” no what is MY purpose. What could I do to make anything better in the world. The long and short of it is nothing I can do will make a difference. The purpose of my life is to exist take up resources take up people’s time annoy people. Then eventually die. Why bother than with living if I’m not going to contribute anything and eventually just die anyways. I’m not going to take any actions on these thoughts. But they are genuine thoughts I have and if anyone here ever finds out who I am then I won’t be able to have my dream job so I can’t give specifics on my life.Just what’s the point. I’m going to be forgotten within the fifty years after my death. So what’s the point?Why bother doing anything I’m a nobody and nothing can change that there’s no reason for my existence and there’s no reason for me to bother doing anything. Every-time I find something I really enjoy there’s always one thing that annoys me about it and causes me to stop enjoying it at all and question why I liked it to begin with. I don’t have a reason to live and I’m a husk of a human being everything beautiful in my life was taken away besides one. Someone give me a reason to see my life to its end
depression, My boyfriend had been diagnosed with mild ADHD in his childhood by a professional practitioner. Fast forward 20+ years he hasn’t finished his college degree but still managed to get employed as if he had completed his higher education. All throughout he has been impulsive and unable to focus. Add a horrific accident in 2014 in which he lost his sister. Plus this job was also not satisfactory for him. He’s taken a break from everything and moved to another state now. He approached a psychiatrist and a psychologist for help. They prescribed him attentrol which he has been consuming for 10 days roughly now. I don’t know the dosage but he has been severely low for the last few days. He’s almost completely off the grid - not on any social media including texts and WhatsApp hardly calls anyone. He is living with his supportive family. So I guess he is physically safe but that’s about it. He tells me he’s been low because attentrol chemically rewires the brain which takes time to balance out Could anyone tell me if this is how attentrol works
depression, (Day 5 of posting)My parents and everyone else in my family just use me as someone to yell at. Whenever anything goes wrong for them they blame it on my and treat me like trash. Worst part is everyone else in the family treats each other fine it’s just me that’s treated like garbage. If I even think about talking while they belittle me for something that wasn’t my fault they threaten to take away ALL of my privileges.This post was a bit of a rant it was just a long day of being treated like dirt. I’m just gonna curl up in a ball and go to sleep.
depression, Had an argument with my best friend. He was in the wrong but I understand why he was angry. Hes very hard to talk to its now been longer than a year since weve spoken. I feel really alone without him in my life. Hes been one of the only close friends Ive had in the last few years. Common sense tells me I need to get out there and meet new people. That is what I need to do. But putting a lot of time and energy into a friendship and then it going sour. Just makes me feel like everything is going sour. Romantic relationships I feel like are easier because there is an expectation that it may be temporary but you imagine good friendships will go on and on. Its really made me feel negative about everything in my life.
depression, What a fucking bullshit saying.Its just a way for you to break up with someone or do something shitty and not have to feel guilty.I hate this fucking in expression. Everything happens because people are assholes and only think about themselves. Im sorry if this was stupid to post I just needed to vent a little and I didnt know where to post it. Thank you.
depression, A couple weeks ago I made up my mind that Im going to cease to exist after new years if Im not better or at least havent improved at all. I just decided that living with DPDR isnt really worth it and I cant stand the thought of going on for another 50+ years like this. But I no longer think about killing myself every day which might be unrelated to my decision but still. Ive just started giving less of a shit recently about everything Im a lot more positive than I was before. When I think about doing it now at the end of the year its not really even a negative thing to me anymore its not out of self-hatred its not grim its just something that will finally give me relief from existence. And I feel like I actually possess the will to actually do it now I dont have any fear. I just feel more at peace now.
mentalhealth, I’ve been suffering with mental health issues since 13/14 and it’s was progressively getting worse. 2.5 years ago I posted on reddit saying that I wanted to take my life and that high school was not working out etc. Now looking back I can definitely say I have gotten better. Istill do suffer from multiple different mental health issues that make life hard in the daily but I can assure you don’t give up and you will get better. I am just happy that all those suicide attempts were fails as I now enjoy my life as to the fullest as I possible can even that is a 3/10 it’s better than 1/10.I am now in university and I have my life planned out I have a girlfriend (3.5 years and going strong) and everything is wellUntil next time... Thank you.
depression, I left someone I’ve considered to be my best friend for too long they kept playing the victim and gaslighting and always looking on the dark side of things. My dad would pay for us to go out to a movie and right in front of my dad he’d go in about how much he hated it I’d express an opinion and they’d shit on it for a few minutes they ignore my feelings until I spoke up then they’d promise to change and the list goes on. I’m now alone though so alone I feel hopeless and the guilt of hurting them still lingers. I feel simultaneously better but at the same time so intensely worse. Rant over
depression, Im in my 30s now and have burned a lot of bridges in my past especially in my 20s. Lets just say my 20s were my experimental stages even though a lot of people say high school was.I gave up childhood friends in my early 20s it got so nasty where a couple of them said they wished I was never been born. Short story..I didnt want to become friends with them anymore because I felt like a sounding board to a them and a lot of the times things were done their way. This still hurts although the hurt has subsided.I burned bridges from my first full time job where I was friends with my coworkers we were a bunch of young people who just hung out a lot with each other. It also kept my mind off of what I did to my childhood friends. I left the job and I lost touch with most of the group because one of them was really bossy (reminded me of my childhood friend) and the hang outs wasnt really substance a lot of the times they would make fun of people. 2 friends and I kind of moved away from the group and we talked about the group how everyone wasnt nice etc. Later on.. I get a text saying that someone from the group heard me say I didnt like them.. and I had an idea who sold me out :( So that whole group is pretty much burned.Fast Forward I made a few friends at my most recent job there was a girl who also text-yelled at me. My fault was talking to my other friend about her because she was really really disruptive and does not really listen to us. My friend accidentally blabbed that I didnt really like her and thats why I got the text. However the girl does not know my friend also doesnt like her... I no longer work there anymore.I live in an area where people tend to know each other and Im just afraid that I burned SO many bridges with people in the past that its hard for me to move on. I get paranoid that I am going to meet someone who knows the people that I used to be friends with. Its affecting me finding a new job because Im so afraid I wont be able to make lasting friends...and that I know not to talk about others behind their backs but I thought I would trust them enough to not to - especially if they feel the same way as I do.I just need some help.. (Im seeing a therapist now) but would like any of your insight.
depression, I’m 19. I promised myself that I would try to do this to see if I might get better over time but nothing has changed and they have just become worse so Im not sure what to do next. Im going to hang myself later tonight. Ive discussed it in writing talked with my family went to therapy tried medication. nobody has truly tried to help and nobody cares and none of it helpful to me. instead everyone is blaming or disagreement and judgemental towards me. Im riddled with crippling self hated that I cant even bring myself to look in the mirror or feel useful since Im so alone and only exist for the sake of it. Im drowning in loneliness and it never ends because nothing in this world is keeping me here maybe for you  for you reader Perhaps its not true but right now it seems like all I have planned for the future is a miserable lonesome existence. I honestly dont want to live this time it would be better if I died.   I occasionally see people having a good time and living their lives. I dont want to ever live again because I detest who I am. Whoever reads this and makes a comment is appreciated. Im just sick and tired of being all by myself. I hardly ever manage to finish my sentences when I do get the chance to talk to someone. not even attempting to speak with a girl I would stutter. I struggle to put anything Im thinking into words. Who on earth would be patient enough to hear me out? How on earth was I supposed to carry on a conversation with someone? I have a hard time communicating with them. Im also not deserving of anyones attention on how boring and uninteresting I am. End of road now.
depression, My life is completely pointless. Still living with parents no friends no job no partner. I sleep most of the day to pass time. Why bother? I just feel like ending it all.
depression, I struggle to find a worse feeling in my own life than when I think I can trust someone and they turn around and betray me. I told someone my triggers for PTSD from a mentally abusive relationship in the past just to have them use that against me and drive me into a hole.   I already struggle to let people into my life and then when I do things like this shit always happens. For me it is one of the worst feelings in the world and it just eats at me for days and weeks after. Im on edge I can feel my whole body slowing and shutting down yet all I want to do is hear from the person that caused this feeling. I hate myself for it.
depression, Let me start out with some information. I am 23 years old and I currently live with my parents. I work as an Admin Assistant and I love my job dearly. Nothing terrible is going on in my life. Sometimes I just get really sad for no reason...I have been on anti-depressant/anti-anxiety medication for about 6 years now. I figured out a dose that is excellent for me though it took a while to get it. I notice however that no matter how content or happy I am with my life there are some days that I have zero motivation to do anything. Yesterday was one of those days.I started off my day getting up for work when I noticed that I was a little more tired than usual. Didnt think much of it until halfway through my work day where it took soooo much effort just to breathe. I got home knowing that my sister had a basketball game that I wanted to go to. However I just couldnt bring myself to do it. When I got home I knew if I laid down that I would fall asleep for a few hours - even though the night before I got plenty of sleep. No amount of caffeine could curb this fatigue. Also I just felt sad. Seriously somewhere deep down I just felt super sad for no reason. I am good at suppressing pessimistic thoughts as I have had plenty of practice to do so. This sadness wasnt being caused by anything. It was overwhelming and I could not make myself go to this game for my sister.What causes me to go on this rant is how upset my mother got with me. She tends to be passive-aggressive. I had texted her immediately when I got home and let her know that I wasnt feeling well and that I wouldnt be able to go to the game. She got quiet on me which is abnormal and said okay. She didnt say anything to me the rest of the night while she was at the game. When she got home she knocked at my door and asked me if I was feeling alright. I had been laying in my bed all night watching movies and trying to distract my mind. I told her I felt alright. She immediately shut my door and left it at that.A few hours later I got up to get a bottle of water and she sent me some signs of being upset. (Not talking to me looked at me and looked away. Just wasnt her cheery self.) I asked her if everything was okay and she replied that she was disappointed in me for not going to this game. (Its the 2nd game in the season). I tried to explain myself telling her that I just felt really bummed and exhausted that day and she kindve just dismissed everything I said. I apologized. She didnt say much after that.My mother is a very kind woman. I was also disappointed in myself for not going. I understand her frustration though there will be well over 30 more games to attend. My mom however knows my feelings. I have explained them to her. I have been to therapy. I have explained that I am frustrated with my own mind especially on days where I have no reason to be sad and my body just is sad for no explainable reason. We have been to therapy together. She is the one who got me to take this anti-depressant/anti-anxiety medication. I know she has to have some idea of how I feel on days like that. I cant explain it any better than I already have.Its not like I didnt want to go to this game. Its not like I dont support my family or my sister specifically in her sports. I enjoy watching her play and congratulating her. I didnt spend my time doing something stupid. I barely even got up to use the restroom. My body just does this stupid crap.I just needed to get that out of my system. I am upset with my own body. It has no reason to do what it does sometimes and it only makes it worse to understand that I cant control it when it does. I am 23 years old. I do plenty of things that I dont necessarily feel like doing sometimes (attending events going out reaching out to friends when I dont feel like going out etc.). Is this relatable at all? Will my mom ever understand these dumb feelings? I dont want them. I never have wanted them. Am I crazy?...Sorry for the long-windedness. I feel like theres so much I cant explain. :( I apologize.
mentalhealth, I  have a new psychiatrist. With the whole corona situation my  psychiatric appointments will all take place over phone. Now I already  had the first appointment two weeks ago. We agreed on a new appointment  for this week since he would go on holiday the week before and that he  would just call me on my cell phone number.This  week on monday I checked my calendar to see when my appointment was.  Realized I had forgotten to write it down. Now Im too socially anxious  to call and to ask for the date and time. Now Ive spent the whole week  sitting at home instead of going outside for walks or sth because I  dont know when my appointment is. Already pissed off my best friend  whom Im iving with wich only fuels my anxiety more.Its thursday 11am still no call from my psychiatrist.Wish me luck!
depression, Its noon on a Sunday Im sober for once. Im shaking and trying to cry silently so my roommate doesnt hear me. I decided to text my sister for comfort. I forgot shes at her bridal shower so now I feel like I stole her thunder and Im freaking out. Help
depression, Thinkin about killing myself haven’t yet obviously. Don’t know what tf is wrong But I can’t stand it…so yeah.
depression, I am just having the hardest time of my life right now. My best friend who was also my gf and the most important person In the world to me. The most beautiful and deep bond I’ve ever had with another soul. She was truly my best friend. The only person that ever truly knew and accepted me &amp; loved me. I held her when she crumbled. And she isn’t here for me. She hates me. And she won’t care when I’m dead. She moved states last month. And I made it stressful for her. I was so sad. She turned on me and completely abandoned me and said such hurtful things. I’m not enough. She wants more. It was heart breaking. ): My friend who was always there for me &amp; I was always there for him was killed. He didn’t deserve it. And I miss him. She was there for me during it. I never fully grieved as I should of. So when she hurt me I went to his grave and cried. And told him about it. Just like we used to do for each other. He had so much life ahead of him. None of it is fair. I have no one. I have no friends. I struggled with my sexuality and so many things within me which caused me to lose everyone out of fear of not being accepted. She became my best friend &amp; wrapped up my inner child and held him. She helped me learn so much and she truly accepted me. All of me. Now I am surrounded by soulless assholes that would despise me if they true knew me. Everyone is so mean &amp; judgmental &amp; has no depths whatsoever. I’m trapped in a life I don’t want tied to debt. We had so many plans to get out of here. :/ Now I’m here alone with absolutely no one. I’ve never felt so alone. I’ve never spiraled this bad before. I don’t truly want to die but I think I’m going to. I feel so worthless. I just want to be held and told it’s okay and it’s pathetic. I’m sick of crying. I’m sick of the drugs. I’m sick of waking up anymore. I am so utterly defeated. How do people find it in them to keep going? I’ve tried to reach out to old friends. I was ignored. I tried to make new ones. And it went horribly. :/ I’m so tired.
depression, Birthdays havent been the best thing that would happen to me I can remember one or two that were marvelous but the others just sucked. I put in a lot of effort in others birthdays and I only expect the same or at least half of it. I really wish my SO would surprise me this time and do something unique.
depression, I got up this morning wanting to sink away into the void so bad but I got up and did the same shit I have to do every single day even though it feels so pointless to me. It got really bad in algebra though and I couldnt even finish the first page of the test I had to do I just wanted to die. I just asked to go to the bathroom and sat there cause I couldnt even cry anymore. I feel like everything I do is a failure but I still put all my willpower into things even though it looks disappointing asf to everyone. My family keeps saying how Im a disgusting slob and my rooms disgusting and I never get anything done on time and they just wish I was better. They want me to be that happy little kid from way back when but I have no idea who that is anymore. I just dont know what to do. The whole world seems so hopeless and vile and it seems like people are just fine and I wish I was fine with it too. I feel so empty all the time and having that is so fucking draining. I dont have any friends except one from middle school but we dont really talk much. My mom died a while ago and I moved states and I thought I was doing pretty good for a while. I thought I had friends and stuff and there was things to wonder and look forward to. But then I moved again and that that void in the deepest of my being came back like old pals. No one wanted to call or text me. No one cared. I got here and I tried my best to make friends but non of them care either. I made a big birthday bag for a guys birthday even though I was a week late and he didnt even say anything to me. I dont know whats wrong with me. I try so hard to make conversation but people think I talk weird and I make everything awkward. Even drawing and stuff which is the one thing Im good at doesnt make me happy anymore and I end up doing so much nothing. I just dont have the will to exist anymore. I dont understand why I have to have all this pain and suffering all the time. I just want to be free and loved. Why is that so fucking hard?  I keep holding out for that one day someone loves me or someone cares but as the days go by one after another of me being a complete looser it seems less and less likely. Idk why Im posting this but maybe itll help. Just anything.
depression, Hey guys please excuse the formatting as I am using a mobile device. Also if I’ve posted this in the wrong place! I’ve actually come for a little help. I work for quite a large company where I don’t have direct contact with many of my colleagues. I know a guy through someone else and although I’ve not really spoken to him directly I’ve heard from my good friend that he suffers with depression. He has told someone we are both quite close to that he goes home and cries every night and that he struggles to form relationships with people (amongst many other symptoms). I also suffer and would really like to help him but I don’t know if I should get involved because I don’t know the guy well. We all went for drinks after work a few weeks ago and I was hoping I’d be able to speak with him and get to know him better but he left early because he felt awkward. In short id just like someone’s opinion.. would it seem weird of me to get involved with someone I barely know? I just feel like we would be able to help each other and I want him to feel like he has a friend. Thanks guys!
depression, Just made this account and I wanted to share what happened the other day. Ive started feeling bad again and my bf forced me to go to the gym with him (he drove me). I was feeling so terrible and empty and couldnt even hold a conversation.At the gym I somehow forced myself to workout just going through the motions. When we started deadlifting in the middle of my first rep I farted. And I started laughing! A lot! Then I was laughing at how immature I was. Then I was laughing at the fact that I was feeling so shitty and yet a stupid fart at the gym somehow made me feel better???!After that I was feeling a bit better for the day. idk. It seems silly that a stupid immature thing like laughing at my own fart while working out cheered me up. But it did. Trying my best to appreciate the little things even farts :)
depression, Dear reddit im 17 and i really wanna kill myself when i turn 25. I know this isnt very urgent since its quite a while before that happens. But Ive been saying this to myself for three years now and I made 25 the cut off age because I figure thats enough to have said I gave it a shot. I didnt post on suicide watch because thats years away yet. I promised myself I would at least try.My mom said I was an angry baby and that I cried a lot. Shes been telling me this since I was a kid because my whole life I basically just cried and was pissed off a lot. I dont know what the problem was and I dont know what made me so sad. I just remember being in fifth grade and getting in fights with my parents over doing the dishes then crying and thinking about stabbing myself in the stomach with a kitchen knife. Sixth grade I started cutting not very much but I was just so bored and full of nothingness that I just did it because I didnt care. I suspect I might have been neglected is that possible? I always had food and clothes but... all those years of crying and nobody ever asked me what for? My parents and siblings (I have a lot of siblings) always just chalked it up to it being my personality. Is that a possibility? I like to think it wasnt me just being bratty or difficult (as my mom puts it) because after every tantrum I would feel pretty much heartbroken and exhausted. Has anyone else felt anything like that so young? Please guys- I really wanna know if theres hope. When I was little I was just so bored and unenthused about everything. I was never really smiley or excited about things like my friends or siblings were. I remember this always feeling terribly awkward to me since unbridled enthusiasm is something people usually expected of little kids. I always just felt so sad or empty? Idek what it is guys its like I know technically consciousness is like an amazing cosmic fluke or whatever but I feel like my existence is just such a terrible mistake and a stupid waste of life.I think my parents resent me for it. I love you I just dont like you was pretty much their catchphrase when it came to dealing with me. After typing that I just broke down for a few minutes. It just flooded back to me how much it really sucks to hear that especially since Im the only child they ever would say that to. If you love me but dont like me that just means you dont give a fuck about me but feel an obligation to at least pretend you do. I used to be smart and I realized the implication the very first time they said it.Sorry about this post guys Im a horrible writer. I used to always just think I was ugly but these past two years I became stupid too. It really sucks because being smart was the one thing I had going for me. I think the more I worried about being pretty the less I could spend time trying to be smart. No one really wants a smart girl or if she is smart shed better be pretty too. I shot for both and I failed twice. I just had dinner with my family where my sister complained that the selfie lighting was bad and my brother told her not to worry and that she was beautiful. I once cried in the middle of a full Culvers because my other sister told me my hairline was fucked up and it was so awkward because no one knew what to say. My hairline IS fucked up I AM ugly. What do you say to an ugly person who feels bad for being ugly? I feel a little bad for putting them in that situation. Very embarrassing.I also have no hobbies. Nothing Im even remotely good at. Not even interested in anything. Im graduated from high school and all I do is work smoke some weed then go to bed. I like Skyrim and The Last Airbender but I feel stupid saying that because theyre not real hobbies. People tell me Skyrim is old and TLA is for kids. I used to like Minecraft too before I became too stupid to keep up with such a simple fucking game. Its a super complicated feeling to have when you know that a hobby would give you a sense of purpose but also feel like you would just fail miserably at anything you tried. I tried teaching myself how to solve a rubix cube. Still cant do it. Watched youtube videos and everything but it just sits unsolved on my dresser in my bedroom that I cant even keep clean.Whats the point? Whats the point of all of this? I posted on depression a few times but no one reads my posts. I just wish someone knew or someone would love me or hug me or actually want to hear about my feelings. I had a counselor once I really loved and she made me feel super good and warm but when I think about that now I just remind myself she was getting paid. Love is conditional always.
depression, Ive had depression for quite some time now (going on 13 years). It runs in my family very strongly and Ive had a few family members commit suicide. Ive tried every drug class and ECT. With ECT I had a profoundly awful reaction and permanent memory damage (they started with doing it bilaterally &lt;24 hours apart which is against protocol). I started TMS therapy this past Monday and Im honestly terrified its not going to work because if it doesnt I dont have any options left. Have any of you had success with it? Does the discomfort during treatment ever ease up? If it didnt work for you what did you do then?
depression, I cant stand other peoples enjoyment. Ive been getting more and more depressed over the past few months and whenever I go on any form of social media I see all of my old friends having the time of their lives. Constantly seeing this makes me feel like shit so I am unfriending and unfollowing a ton of people just to escape this feeling. So far one guy from highschool texted me all pissed off that I unfriended him and I told him my situation but he was just an asshole about it. So does anyone else understand where Im coming from here?
depression, It’s so hard to make new friends as an adult especially when you’re depressed and have social anxiety. I just moved back in with my parents in my hometown after a breakup and I don’t really have friends here. I want to make friends to hangout with in real life. Socializing can be exhausting sometimes but also sometimes I feel so alone which just makes me more depressed. Any advice?
depression, You’re not gunna read thisI experience no joy. I have no passions. No hobbies. No obsessions. Do I fucking even have my own thoughts? Or thoughts at all? “Can’t help anyone that won’t help themselves” I gave up on helping myself long ago. Sure solutions can be paired with most of my “issues” rather easily. In theory. Professional help got to expensive. Sure there’s probably ways to find financial assistance. Insurance whatever. Does it seem like I can do any of the leg work to start process research the physical and mental energy to focus on doing it then actually leaving the house. I’ve had no human interaction in months. Not even running to get a pack of cigarettes. Not even a recent thing either. I just sound lazy. Stupid. Parasitic. “Only way to do it is just do it”Fuck right off. The sliver of will power is strong directed in the wrong way. It won’t lead me to doing a task or whatever. But the will power to absolutely not do it at all is stronger. Just won’t. A vicious cycle that gains power with motion. And I know the problem the problem is me.
depression, (throwaway obviously)feeling lonely and empty as usual with the current situation going on and wanted some dopamine of sorts so I went on to pornhub and sifted through until I clicked on some porn audio thing (you know when ppl record their voices joi etc)and then the person started saying how much they loved you (pov porn) and called you all these loving name and I just felt so low and starved I just started bawling in the middle of it all lol this is the first time its happenedsucks that I literally have to turn to such things to feel good sometimes not just physically but mentally too
depression, Its mainly what the title says I have my own opinion completely against someone I like but Im afraid to say it because it will cause a gap between us but at the same time I would like to say it so she knows and understands me more im between a rock and a hard place mind helping?
mentalhealth, hello. we are an antiableist collective located in the us southwest. we are not leftists per say but we are radicals to our cores. our values would appear extreme to most of you but we have few resources and connections. we hope something helpful comes from this post.for years one of our members has participated in local leftist organizations. (as a collective we do not work direct with any of these organizations.) they are genderqueer transfeminine and diagnosed with asd bpd and cptsd. they have other chronic health issues too. by their own account most every1 they meet immediately considers them disabled or at least weird or some other pejorative ableist term. they have limited spoons and asked us to make this post.this member has spent many many many hours volunteering for these orgs. they have done what they can to support other organizers materially and emotionally. altho they are low-income they have been pressured into donating large sums. despite all this the ppl in the orgs that this person participates in have never treated them with respect or dignity. organizers and random attendees routinely misgender them at public events put on by these organizations. they are inevitably excluded from social activities with other organizers such as parties. these other organizers keep demanding more and more from our member while shaming them with ableist slurs if they attempt to decline.keep in mind that this local leftist organizing community is very tight. organizers do everything together but our member isnt allowed to be part of that. we have all observed the way left organizers treat our member differently from everyone else especially the abled folx who calls the shots in these organizations.we the other members of the collective have given this member advice but they desire additional feedback. they have no social connections to speak of outside of these leftist organizations and our small collective. even the therapist they were seeing recently cut them off. they fear they will hurt more without the sense of community they get from participating in leftist organizers as angry and sad as they are by how other leftist organizers treat them.we are looking into filing an ada case against these local leftist orgs but we have no money or connections with lawyers. we may not have the evidence to win in court bc much of this judges would call subjective.radical mental health
depression, Hi ! I am a young male 28 years old. 190cm high and 123 kg so quite overweighted. I am quite desesperated about my situation as I tried 5 antidepressants CPAP Testosterone and every possible supplement. My blood test always comes back good.3 months ago my psych weaned me off Prozac after I have been diagnosed with sleep apnea. He told me sleep apnea could explain my symptoms. Prior to Prozac I tried Lexapro Effexor brintellix and Prozac+Wellbutrin. With all of them I was still complaining about extreme fatigue brain fog memory loss poor concentration and feeling spaced out.I wasnt feeling especially sad or anxious but juste tired and then it was difficult to engage in daily activities. So my pleasure in daily activities disappeared. I have no insomnia I dont wake up at night.My question is : Can you be depressed just being tired ? Should I ask for other antidepressants or just give time to my sleep apnea therapy ?
depression, I’m at work and I’m crying in the bathroom. I don’t know why I’m so sad and utter crap but I am. I just wanna go home and sleep the rest of my life away. I really don’t know how much longer I can take tbh.
depression, Its quiet and deafening muting the colours and sounds. It lets you taste the dirt but muffles the sweets. You sleep but without rest. You rest without sleep. You feel the pain and sadness. I want to move and grasp her hands but theyre a million miles away. Shes right next to me. But I cant feel her. I want to cry and scream. But It would take effort. I want to eat and drink. But Id have to be hungry. I want to. I really do. But thats the thing I just want. I cant do. It wont let me. In my sleep. Hes there. Hes pushing the drugs in to keep me lucid. Im still asleep but I can still hear his breath in my throat. Its hot and thick it scalds and tears. And I lie there. Helpless. Because he owns me. And theres nothing I can do about it.
depression, For the past few days Ive been trying to change my bad habits (eating healthy foods exercising not drinking carbonated drinks) and it was going fine until I started getting a little depressed today. Ive tried to get these things into place before but every time I do try I fail because I slip back into depression and end up eating junk food. The thoughts of whats the point in going to so much trouble being healthy when life has no meaning? have come back to me. I hit this crossroad all the time. I really want to start being positive and making positive changes but the depression always brings me down.
mentalhealth, I hardly have any experience with dating and have never been in an actual relationship and I feel like this might be one of the main reasons why. I opened up to some people I know in real life about this and they thought I should talk to a therapist about this because its not rational. Do you think I should or are my preferences actually unrealistic?Im not lazy or physically inactive by any means but I wouldnt call myself super athletic either. I like going for walks either around town with my dog or preferably hikes out in nature (although I dont get to do that as often). I also do casual workouts from home and have a personal trainer I mostly avoid going to public gyms due to social anxiety. And in the summer I like to swim as well.I think Im in pretty decent overall shape but Im not really shredded and I have a bit of belly fat that I cant seem to get rid of - not like a massive beer gut or anything but still enough for me to feel self conscious about (my personal trainer thinks it might actually be a side effect of the medication Im on). I could never really get into team sports because of coordination and visual processing disabilities.I really love nature animals and the outdoors and I want a partner who shares the same values. Ive noticed though that this generally tends to appeal to people who are more athletic than I am. Not absolutely everyone who likes the outdoors is really athletic but I feel like most people are. But I have this feeling in my head that anyone whos even slightly more athletic than myself wont be interested because theyll want to be with someone who is as athletic (or more) than they are.For instance a few years ago when I was at college I was interested in a girl in my class. We got along really well and had a lot in common. I had a couple of friends who were suggesting that I ask her out. And in hindsight she might have been showing signs of interest - Im not really sure because I didnt pick up on them at the time but I might have just been oblivious. But I became convinced that I wasnt good enough for her because she was into cross country skiing (something I havent been able to do because of my coordination issues) and played soccer. I figured at the time she would see me as lazy for not being as athletic as her and would never be interested in a less athletic guy.I kind of know in a part of my mind that this isnt completely rational. Ive seen couples where one partner is more athletic than the other Ive posted selfies to other subreddits and had people say that Im not in bad shape and at least one person called me cute. And its not even that Im *only* into super athletic women either as I said earlier its the values and interests that Im drawn to. Its just that those values tend to appeal to more athletic people.I opened up to some people I know in real life about this and they thought I should talk to a therapist about this because its not rational. Do you think I should or are my preferences actually unrealistic?
mentalillness, Let down  by a system filled with so many holes.Tick boxes and questions gives them the answers to your world. Medicated and labeled to justify there cause. Long term plasters that dont solve your pain just cover it up long enough to make you refrain.Hold you together but not in real life just existing not living parts of you no longer giving the parts that were once alive. If the time was given to put your puzzle pieces together  take off  your weights and have u floating like a feather. Stress and trauma is what made me react. But you never listen and that is a fact. Labelled to conform and fit back in society. Not fixed or repaired not what is best for me. but what is accepted to make everyone else live happily. As long as were quiet and dont scream and shout about what really happened to cause these reactions.  just sanctions for opening our  truths. Making others hit the roofs.  Because we have shown all the proof. Silenced and seldom is how we are left to be still living in our heads with all our misery. Our feelings not accepted as a good enough reality. To deserve the support that we really need.
depression, I currently live with my parents at 25. I’m still working on my degree because of mental health issues that pushed me back a few years which is why I haven’t moved out. But I digress.The longer I live here the more I realize that my mother is emotionally abusive - and probably has been my whole life. I grew up with anxiety that I didn’t realize as I felt a lot of pressure to be perfect and to not cause confrontation. My mom expected perfect grades and when I’d come home with a grade like B+ or A- I’d get a response like ‘Imagine if you’d gotten an A’. I also was afraid of making her upset or mad as I didn’t want to be a ‘bad kid’. She would talk about how she never fought with her mother as a guilt tactic and how mean I was to argue with her.Now I’ve had some difficult years through the past decade. I realized I was queer during my late teens. I was sexually assaulted my first week of living at college. I became extremely depressed and anxious to the point where I developed an eating disorder and self harmed.   Thankfully now I’m on medication and spoke to a therapist for almost a year - but I still struggle daily. To consider personal relationships to not give into temptation of harming myself or binging. To love and accept my true authentic self.And yes my mother has been there for me - helping me get help letting me live at home without paying rent being supportive of my decision to go back to school. But now that I look back I notice that if anything she has made my anxiety and self-worth much lower.Her response when I told her I was sexually assaulted? Not sadness not shock - but rather questions of why I didn’t fight the person off.Her response when I explained I was depressed? Not comfort not understanding - but rather telling me to snap out of it and pushing me to get back to school quickly.Her response when I told her I might’ve been depressed because I thought I was gay? Not unconditional love not acceptance - but rather telling me that it was a phase and that I shouldn’t tell anyone.Her response when I said I was self-harming and dealing with suicidal thoughts? Not regret not compassion - but rather a larger focus on how I had failed out of school.Her response when she found out I was still struggling with an eating disorder? Not love not worry - but rather finding ways to humiliate me and tell me that I’d die if I kept this up.Her response to when I decided to go on medication for anxiety and depression? Not happiness not a desire to learn more - but rather make me feel ashamed and saying it should be temporary.My mother is a good person but rather than focusing on how her actions affect me she cares more about how they affect her and how my struggles make life harder for her. She says things that hurt me but claims ignorance and not knowing any better. She has told me that I’m difficult to have in her life and still has a mentality of victim blaming around my sexual assault. She makes comments about my weight - even going as far as to assume that I’ve gained weight on purpose to look unattractive.It’s hard to think about this because we’re taught that mothers are good and that they love us with their whole being. That our mother is our best friend and closest ally. Thinking about the fact that my mother is emotionally abusive and the person who’s said the most hurtful things to me makes me feel guilty and convince myself that I’m overreacting. It’s difficult to maintain self-preservation because I care too much about what she thinks of me or if I’ve upset her.
mentalhealth, Hi Im 21m met a 23f on the website plenty of fish we hit it off and I went over and we slept together a few times. She soon told me shes medicated and suffers from 1st stage psychosis and an undiagnosed disorder that could be schizophrenia. A month in or so I asked what we were and she said she didnt know this left me feeling a little rejected because Id said I was starting to have feelings for her.One night when we had a bit of an argument because I was pressuring her to answer some questions to work out what was happening she had a bit of a mental break and threatened to harm herself I live an hour away so  all I could do was try and talk her down over the phone. After a few hours she calmed down and forgot everything that shed said and done. I should explain I go over to see her once or twice a week and we have a drink and relax. The last time I was over she explained that she just wanted to be friends but it wasnt because of me it was because she doesnt have feelings and has never felt love because of personal things that happened to her during childhood. She said she really likes me but needs to get better and its not fair to make me wait for her but I know shed be jealous and possibly lose it if I were to move on. I think its because my ex rang me saying if i didnt go over i wouldnt be allowed to see my son and she wouldnt want to come between. She said if we were to do something again it would confuse us both more and shed wake up the next morning in a different mindset and push me away. Ive fallen hard for her so this is a lot to take. Ive bought her multiple personal gifts and flowers which shes always grateful for and Im just so confused.Any advice???Thanks
depression, Its not always something that Im actively struggling with but its always around in the corner reminding me of stupid shit and talking down on me.When it gets really bad its like a loud alarm is going off inside me that I cant ignore it.Its like an emotional migraine.It changes the way I think and speak to myself and I become more aggressive.Horrible stuff its not something I can seem to prevent once its happening just ride it out until it eventually goes away.
depression, When I see someone happy I automatically get even more depressed because Im jealous I hate being so jealous. Instead of being happy for someone when they Are happy I just think Why cant I be like that. I constantly compare myself to other people. And when people ask me Why Im so depressed I cant answer truthfully because Its usually because they Are so happy how do you Tell someone that without looking like a complete asshole? I feel like I will never amount to anything I feel like I should just stop trying. Even if I kill myself I will just become a statistic. I feel hopeless.
mentalhealth, To what degree? Im borderline crazy
depression, Seeing people my age partying finding love and socialising makes me regret not pursuing it when I was younger or even now at the age of 19. As is commonly stated I squandered one of the best times of my life. Isolated on the inside suffering from anxiety My family will miss me youll say. No not mine; theyve said Im a burden. Im the odd one out everyone is distant with me. Ive always been an isolated person and my safe haven was and continues to be my home. travel to work or college There was only one person At school I only had one friend. At the time Bulling was present. I mostly kept to myself studying and attempting to finish school in order to make my parents proud though they didnt care much. I went from being a good student with good grades and confidence in my abilities to feeling anxious and fearful. Everything is consumed by self-hatred and apathy toward life and is sabotaged by self-doubt. Now I imagine people my age getting into their dream schools and pursuing their ambitions. Currently Im dealing with anxiety. Im still unable to leave the house let alone contact people online or in person. Furthermore close people have told me that I appear uninteresting to myself and even When I do speak I struggle to communicate with others or am at a loss for words. Ill make a few remarks here and there take phone calls and so on. I cant however hold a conversation or form any kind of friendship or relationship. Personally I believe that it is best to die. Because Im alone and only exist for the sake of existence.
depression, To start this out I just need to vent so if youre going to reply to someone dont let it be me other people probably need your comment a lot more than I do.I started college this year and quickly made a lot of friends. At first it was all good. Then me and this girl became super close (Im a strait girl so not like that) so within our group of friends we were probably really loud and obnoxious. I started to feel like the boys in the group didnt like us because of our loudness and obnoxiousness. Someone within our group asked those boys and it turns out they just thought we were annoying but still liked us. But lets be real they dont like being around us. So one night were hanging out with them and I can basically feel the tension around it. I basically get really quiet and cry in the bathroom when I realize that they really dont like us. So I was kinda desperate and talked to this girl I dont really like in my dorm about it. I found out later she talked behind my back about me talking to her about it. It kind of comes out later that the guys like my friend a lot more than me. I still see those people but I kinda withdrew myself from that group.I also joined a sorority and quickly made friend with this one girl. She got really drunk the other weekend and was really annoying and so I pretty much had to babysit her. She didnt like that I did that. oh and to backtrack a little Ive been very protective over my friends while theyve been drinking because my friend was recently raped at a party and Im super protective over her so therefore Im going to be protective over everyone else. Then the next day we see her at a tailgate and shes acting really drunk and said she had moonshine. So obviously Im going to be protective but she said I was treating her like a kid. So I give up on that. Sorry for trying I guess. I guess Ive been realizing more and more that my friends dont really like me. like except for maybe 2 or 3. It kinda sucks. Sorry if this is all scattered and doesnt make sense but I just kinda needed to write it down.
mentalhealth, Its actually pretty weird and I dont know what to think about it.&amp;#x200B;Pretty often when others cry or suffer - no matter whether they are close relatives or complete stranges - I feel like I really should start laughing. Even though I dont feel any kind of pleasure from their sadness. I hate inflicting pain and Ive beaten probably only one person in my entire life (old times elementary school minor quarrel). Im not interested in plotting against others to make them miserable.&amp;#x200B;But still when someone is in front of me and is hurt - I focus all of my strong will to not laugh or smile. I know it will make them feel worse and its social suicide.&amp;#x200B;It is true that that Im an emotional idiot (in the past Ive participated in emotional IQ screening and had one of the lowest results in the group) but I wouldnt say that Im indifferent to what other people feel.&amp;#x200B;But still - its been a while and Im wondering if it may be a symptom of some deeper problem? It really affects e.g. my marriage when my wife thinks I dont care about bad stuff. Its not true. Im simply doing what I can to not burst laughing.&amp;#x200B;But on the other hand - despite what I think of myself and what I would like to think - there are moments when I really want someone suffer. Yeah everybody does it; like I hate my coworker Im going to kill this son of a *****. But when I do it I dont restrain myself from action because of moral standpoint. Every time the most important factor that comes to my mind is what will be the consequences not it is simply wrong. The consequences being Im not skilled enough to avoid legal punishment or The person may turn out powerful enough to retaliate.&amp;#x200B;Ive always considered myself a good person (or at least tried to be one) but its one of the most important reasons why I doubt is it actually true. And maybe Im fooling myself and the people around me?
depression, And I dont mean cutting.I like to see myself fail because its the only way I know and how I think it should be. I insult my friends and family so they wont talk to me and I can feel lonely and hated again.I ruin my works I ignore advices I cant take compliments.Sometimes when Im with a friend I imagine how easily I could destroy this friendship just by punching him/her in the face (but of course I will never do that). Its just a strange thought.I like when people make fun of me so they can laugh and feel happy and I can feel insecure. I feel insecure about everything I know and I do. People think Im a cute shy guy but noone knows that I suffer from extreme insecurities and depression.Thats how I am and thats how it was my whole life.Everyone who knows me would think that Im the happiest person on earth because I smile all the time. But I mostly laugh about myself. I laugh when others laugh about me. And I hate myself so much.
socialanxiety, does anyone else’s family constantly judges and pities them for having no friends or a social life
depression, I was in a real rut but eventually I made it out and now I have an SO a secure job as a self-taught [something] a house and Im happy. All you gotta do is follow the stars lol. :)))))Like?! Okay but HOW did you achieve all of that? What did you do to your personality to become interesting enough for someone to want you? How did you both meet? Were there any specific incidents that helped? Did you use connections to get that job or some other obscure method? How did you teach yourself that stuff? What kept you going? How did you know what you wanted after being in the depressing darkness for so long?!I see this kind of crap ALL the time on forums but nobody goes in-depth. Im not asking for super personal info I just want to know the kind of steps you took. Am I the only one noticing this and still being left totally lost as to how to propel myself into the life I desperately dream of having? It doesnt help that my parents taught me nothing about life so a vague turn of events isnt going to help at all at least not for me.Maybe Im just acting entitled but Im at the end of my rope. :/
depression, *TRIGGER DISCLAIMER* Self harm and suicidal thoughts are pretty much all this is about guys just giving you a heads up. *MODS* please take this down if there is a rule I didnt follow or if I have in some way endangered the community. I dont understand why they as me if I plan on hurting myself in therapy when I bring up self harming thoughts. All of my thoughts include spur of the moment whims of hey I feel numb. Lets _____ I feel like its a craps shoot to be honest. For me at least if you take away my knives (I have a small collection that I hold dear) I will feel separated from everyone around me even more than before. Ironically I want to cut just about anywhere on my body just to remember that I can feel something. I dont though. I want to make that clear. Ive been pretty good about not doing that. However the desire and thoughts of carrying actions out are not easily deterred. My other point is if I do finally rationalize death over life I feel like it would be a spur of the moment thing where Id be more worried about being disappointed that I didnt if I didnt do it. Point being. I want to tell my therapist that its pointless to ask that question but all the while I do not want her to lock me up/down/whatever. Till then I guess Ill just keep on lying to her and everyone else who asks. Goodnight everyone. Thank you for being there. Youre a great group of people and I wish nothing but the best for all of you.
depression, To start off I just feel like Im having a hard time talking to anyone about this. I feel this way because the people I would normally talk to are involved with a lot of the issues Ive been having and my other friends dont seem too keen to listen.Anyway I guess Ill just start with the events that have occurred and then continue on to why Im struggling with them.Its been a rough few years since Ive started college. My freshman year my grandma passed away in the fall it was expected since she suffered from severe dementia and hadnt recognized us for about two years at that point. In the late spring my aunt passed away from a heart attack. We were close and she had just recovered from a quadruple bypass surgery. It was quite the shock to our whole family and greatly increased the emotional divide between my parents. Then in the fall of my sophomore year my parents divorced pretty unexpectedly. My dad had a side family for over a year at that point and pretty much dipped out of our lives. Ive only heard from him once since then being a drunken text of rambling. Now my junior year I had started off the semester dealing with my issues on the backburner. Then my roomate and best friend tried to commit suicide. He had shown no signs of this and he had actually been one of the more supportive people I had to talk to. Two weeks later a different guy in my fraternity tried to commit suicide. That also was quite the shock to our house and it loomed over us the rest of the semester.Ive been struggling with everything since my parents divorce. My mom got together with a man whom my dad had accused of my mom cheating on him with about five years prior. I now have to live with a chip on my shoulder that the possibility of my moms continuous fling the passed few years. I tend to ignore/tolerate the new guy for her sake though. My mom moved to a different state over nine hours away when my college had been in my hometown previously. Ive tried to be supportive so she can be happy if she had been struggling being with my dad for this long. Being in a college and relatively rebellious with my new-found freedom I enjoyed some liquor every now and then. Now I cant even have any lasting effects or else I break down. Ive always been quite the introvert and always been the rock for everyone else around me. Ive grown apart from a few friends since I started having these issues. I felt like I gathered my thoughts well enough this year at the start and was doing much better. I had previously struggled in college academically (engineering isnt a joke) and now I had changed majors doing better than ever before. After my roommate tried to kill himself I just lost all motivation for everything. I found myself asking why and also why couldnt he talk to me. I spent a couple weeks trying to figure out everything and my motivation showed. I slept for 11 hours a day and skipped classes consistently. After this long break I assumed I would have time to reorganize my thoughts and prepare myself for a new semester but I now find myself extremely nervous and hesitant to go back. I dont know what I hope for out of this post but I suppose Im looking for someone to talk to about this since its hard even to talk to anyone I would about it. I appreciate any sort of support or advice on how I can help pick myself up by my shoestrings and keep going.
mentalhealth, I had an accident a week ago someone t bone me at the passenger side. It almost killed me if it wasn’t for my car being big. Ever since I noticed my driving behavior changed drastically. I now take maybe 5 seconds to drive across the intersection at a green light and I always seem to freak out whenever cars coming to a stop when I drive across during the green light mind you. I don’t know was wrong with me. I just took the dmv behind the wheel test 3 days ago and I passed that’s proof I can drive but for some reason it feels like I’m barely learning how to drive again. I can’t drive normal when I’m alone behind the wheel anymore. Every time I drive across the intersection I can’t stop replaying the accident. My headache always worsen when thinking about it my body is always stiff as if I’m expecting for another accident.
depression, Im really hoping this isnt just a mess of rambling because I cant keep any sort of track of my thoughts right now but I am incredibly anxious and uncomfortable for no reason and every breathe I take I just keep getting more and more stressed. I cant say theres no reason behind it. I am 19 havent started college always been a loner went from being almost anorexic skinny to looking down at my stomach and seeing fucking stretch marks. Im just a disgusting human being and I cant find any reason to keep going on. I do it for my family... I move on because I know how much it would ruin me if I were to lose one of them in the same way and suicide isnt a new train of thought. Its been a close friend of mine since I was 13 because I never felt like I was good enough to be alive. I just wanted attention and nobody ever gave it to me in the way I think I needed it.Now a little less than 2 years ago I got into the wonderful world of working and I have to say at first I loved it. I worked almost 50 hours a week while still in highschool (completely failing and skipping ofcourse) and it made me feel really good to hear my boss tell me he wanted to make me a manager that I was a golden worker etc.... it was torment working so much and beating my body up but to hear from someone that Im actually beneficial in some sort of way was the best thing that could have happened to my self-esteem. I felt like I was a step ahead already in the game of life and Id prove that I could handle moving up and getting a grip on things early on but I wasnt any different than the other employees. The only reason he would tell me things like that was so I would keep up a good work habit and not become lazy which I think I knew from the start but I still like to imagine that I was somehow good at something. Between all that was alot of moving and working at a gas station but that was mostly just empty time I was trying to fill in and wasnt really a great or horrible experience. Now recently (3 weeks ago) I just got a new job at a burger joint thinking it would be the time of my life. I would just get to cook and joke around with coworkers... but I was dead wrong. My manager and sister have some history and as far as Im aware he used to beat his now wife and my sister said something to him but he just told her to fuck off years ago so that should have been the first sign of what I was getting into but now its very clear to me that he HATES me and I found it unusual enough he hired me in the first place. Kinda hoped he wouldnt call me and give me a job but I was desperate so I took it. He just tells me all the time how slow I am how bad I am at cleaning and I feel alienated by the entire crew. Whenever I try and talk to people I feel like the odd man out even though Im not acting weird (trust me I know by now when Im acting weird). My jokes go head first into the pavement with blank stairs and awkward silence and Im given such generic conversations to go with all the time. None of that would bother me but all I do is stand wipe tables and sweep all day long while running back and fourth every time a customers at the register which is often and a partial to driving me insane. My first two weeks I was extremely nervous around him not because of the incident but because hes my manager and how much he would criticize me and let me know that Im awful at everything I do so he talks to me in the back and specifically asks me if Im on drugs. I cant even describe how that really made me feel but Id best describe it as shock but really the final straw for me is that he denies me breaks when Im working with him and I need them really badly. Im not going to sugar coat it because thats obviously never helped me in the long run but Im a stocky person and standing all day and doing the same task over and over and over is torture on my body and mind. I work pretty short days honestly but Its still nice to just take 5 to breathe after working for 4 hours I think anyone can agree. On top of all this one of my sisters applied to the very same place months ago without my knowledge and when interviewed he told her he has too many girls on staff and cant hire anymore.  I cant imagine anyone reading all this and I dont really blame them but this is sort of me writing a diary of my thoughts in hope that someone has some sort of advice I can go by. I just got a 6 day week done and my manager doesnt put the schedule up until sunday so it came to my surprise that Im also working tomorrow and I have one day off next week even though I applied for part time in hopes of signing up for school. I dont want to go in tomorrow not out of laziness but out of stress and I feel like I need to find a new place to work. It just pains me that I have to go through so many jobs in such a little amount of time. I think it helped me to write this so I could organize my thoughts for myself but Im still in the optimal frame of mind to just end it now. I am only a burden to those who have to take care of me and I just want them all happy. The worlds going into a collateral spin for destruction very quickly and theres nothing I can do to fix it which just holds me in a feeling of nihilism. I dont want to live like this anymore. I just want to be happy. I am so sad seeing bad things happen all the time. I havent had a stable feeling mind for so long and Im just lost all the time in my thoughts. I dont know what to do anymore. I have goals for myself but I always ask myself what magical thing will happen once I actually get them done? Ill still be me! Ill still be miserable living as me all the time. I have no escape and Im trapped in a corner just begging life to spare me and let me live out the rest of my days without having these thoughts. I feel it being tasteless to put a TL;DR on something so personal but....TL;DR: I am a lost cause. I feel stressed and uneasy all the time now and I feel like Im losing a grip on reality very quickly.
depression, FUUCK will it ever end? MAYBE IF I WASNT STUPID ENOUGH TO NOT KILL MYSELF WHY DIDNT I GO THROUGH IT :(
depression, Yep another pity party post...I am lazy and unmotivated about life. I dropped out of high school because I pretty much sucked at it. I am struggling with porn and alcohol abuse. Oh yes I am completely narcissistic about myself. I just love myself in every way. People thought I could change the world but nope.I would be another pessimist trying to save the world.So overall I feel like I cant contribute to society due to my behavior. I work under-the-table jobs for easy money.I cant keep a job for the simple fact that I hate rules so much. I guess I shouldnt be alive right?
mentalhealth, Not happy i mean i am positive but not happy for my self i stay in my room all day smoke a ton of cigarettes no drugs went to rehab 3 time for total of 7 to 8 months first time was a choice 2nd time i stop talking meds so they kept me for 2 and a half months and the 3rd time i had a charm my parents had a doubt that i started using drugs again and they call them and they kidnapped me from my house at 11 in night i know this is stretched but i just want to here some other options anyone might have and no i dont have friends and all i talk to is my family on phone even we live in the same house and the call last 10 sec max i need help may be i want to quit everything and relax dnt want people around me.
depression, Basically the title. Whether its playing violin guitar or video games I dont seem to get any enjoyment out of it. I cant really remember the last time I was partaking in some activity and legitimately enjoyed it. Everyday really is kind of a struggle for me because I feel like the disappointment and sadness everyday is kind of overwhelming any joy that I ever have.
mentalhealth, My husband is trying really hard to understand my mental health. Anyone have any good explanations/analogies about living with depression/BPD?
depression, I always stop I dont want to continue is it really that hard? Its all I want I dont want to be well I just want to die Id give anything just to die why cant I have the courage to just do it? Why am I such a coward and failure
mentalhealth, im going to restart my medication after a long time of not taking them nothing but of my own fault i forgot to take them and one day turns into two and then its been a few weeks without my medication and i find myself spiralling worse than before i started my meds. im going to take them and i keep telling myself that but i think im afraid to go back on meds i know ill be happier but i think but im afraid of something and im not really sure what that is and its suuuper annoying. i think if i return to school sadder itll just be less embarrassing than if im happier and on meds if that makes sense also just a million other stupid reasons. not much anyone can contribute but its mostly a rant.
socialanxiety, I have serious issues making phone calls. I cant stand the sound of my own voice and I dont have the greatest audio processing. Im constantly asking people to repeat themselves rambling making myself look ridiculous. Its especially bad calling on business or making appointments. I dropped my laptop off to be repaired two months ago. I was specifically told it might take a while because its an ASUS and parts are hard to come by in the states but... still. Two months. Its getting to be more like three at this point and I havent received any calls or emails about it even though they have both and the work order was emailed to me. I know its past time to call for an update but for whatever reason I have convinced myself that hes going to be mad at me for calling so late or calling at all. I dont know why. Hes doing me a service Im calling about the service. Ive put it off for a week now trying to work up the nerve.How do you personally get over the phone call hurdle? Im desperate. I want my laptop back lmao.
depression, When I was 18 I moved out cut all contact with my mom grandma and uncle and everyone on their side I figured if they are abusive the rest is probably not that great they(their side) rarely acknowledged I existed anyway.Im 19 now I live alone with depression and ptsd despite that everything seemed to go better for me and I have never slept as good as I did the first night in my own place. I have a therapist now and there are people willing to help me and who cares about me... but recently my depression has gotten worse. I have a boyfriend and Im starting to feel like a burden when I vent about my feelings and ill admit Im venting too much he is very understanding though or so he claims im starting to believe its not the case especially a day ago after a rough morning high fever depression etc later he started to joke around and it ended up with him saying: Im putting up with you and it hit me hard and I said: are you kidding or do you mean it? which he replied: Im kidding youre so insecureWe had a little discussion about how I felt that wasnt very funny and how I didnt see how that would be some form of teasing he went on to say that I took him out of context that he wasnt insulting me and I shouldnt make him feel like walking on eggshells that I have to stop over analysing and over thinking telling me he doesnt want to end up having to keep stuff for himself. I wouldnt want that to happen of course I really care about him and would want him to be open and clear with me but I dont think its fair to treat me that way.I think if he picked a better day for it there might have been a chance where I could have seen the fun in it maybe he knew it was a super bad timing though. He did say: Sorry for hurting you So there is that. Im really confused because he has depression too yet he tends to keep distance or throw some stuff at me he knows isnt going to help any when Im feeling low sometimes he does the complete opposite and those times are nice.Im always there and supportive when he is not feeling good and enjoy being there for him and being able to relate and understand. I really shouldnt vent as much as I do though I have a therapist for that after all.Im feeling very hopeless and I have this constant intense voice telling me to kill myself funny thing though Im scared to die like most people but mine is more of a phobia though I guess.I do my best I go outside I get out of bed I stay active atleast 30 mins almost everyday I force myself to do stuff I enjoy normally when Im not as low I try to eat right clean.I dont actually have friends around me to hang out with currently so thats kind of a bummer but I dont think I could keep up with them anyway. Im a pretty shitty person aswell but normally I want to be a better person.Right now Im so low that I cried went to the kitchen grabbed a knife placed it on my wrist and froze I put it down telling myself Im silly not even sure why because there is no way I would even attempt to but I said the same thing before I pressing a hot frypan to my forhead melting my skin. I bought myself a game today trying to force myself to play havnt even touched it yet. Im in bed and im struggling hopefully ill feel better soon ill get there some day I dont believe it... but I dont have to. Telling myself I wont ever get there is not going to help fake it to you make it right? We can do this.
depression, Everything just feels monochrome. I’ve been struggling with this feeling for at least a year now. Some things used to make me happy like delicious food and exciting events but any time I do something that used to make me happy I just feel like I’m starring in some depressing movie. I also sometimes feel like I can’t control anything I do or say like I’m a robot. It’s  like I’m in a separate lonely world and no one can see me. I haven’t really reached out about this to anyone except my counselor but I don’t think it’s giving me any clarity or helping. I struggle getting myself to do anything. I’m desperate to feel something else than this monotonous feeling.
depression, ever since I developed self-awareness ive been incredibly self-conscious abt my body. I wasnt fat when I was younger but all my friends were *super* skinny and in comparison I felt like a whale. my father has had problems with binge-eating and passed down those unhealthy habits to me. as my mental health has plummeted over the past few years its just gotten worse and worse and worse. its become a bit of a coping mechanism. whenever im in a really bad place I just eat a shit ton of food feel better in the moment and then im fucking disgusted with myself after. im doing it less now that ive quit my job and dont have as much money for food and self harm has kinda replaced binge eating as a coping mechanism. ive tried going to the gym but it ended up costing too much and my parents arent able to pay for me. ive tried at home workouts but my house is pretty small and there isnt much room plus I cant wear short sleeves in the house (cuz of the scars) and my parents would get suspicious if im working out in long sleeves indoors. plus after a couple weeks I usually plummet into a bit of a depressive hole and working out becomes pretty much impossible. ive started eating less. im trying to stick to one meal a day but I end up binging at least once a week. ive tried making myself throw up but for some reason I cant. I know I will never be able to be happy until im skinny. its not like im morbidly obese but im big enough for it to be noticeable. I used to be able to suck in my stomach and sorta look okay but I cant anymore. nothing ive tried helps. unless I figure out how to starve myself for longer without binging I think I might be stuck like this forever.the feeling that im never gonna be able to change this is just adding to my hopelessness. all the more reason to kill myself. no one will ever want to be my friend if im fat.would rather be dead than spend the rest of my life fat.
depression, Whenever possible i prefer to be either distracted high or drunk. I just turned 18 and ive already begun what i expect to be a life long dependance on being inebriated. I dont even enjoy cerebral music as much anymore. Going to work is a huge drain on me and it feels pointless because im barely paying for the essentials (rent for my dad (500) cigarettes weed beer coffee) my rent takes up about 80% of my income. Lifes pleasures seem to grow gradually shitter every week and each week is going by faster and faster.The silver lining is if i can force myself to be in the moment i can actually enjoy life quite a bit if im high or drunk. Im not quitting any time soon. Im posting here because i feel like shit so my writings probably shit; i just cant tell at the moment. Didnt edit or wnything.Any helpful advice would be pretty cool
mentalhealth, 𝘼𝙨𝙨𝙪𝙢𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙗𝙚𝙨𝙩. For example suppose you go to a photo-sharing Web site and see pictures of your friends at a gathering to which you were not invited. At that moment you have a choice​—either to conclude that you were deliberately snubbed or to adopt a more positive outlook. Since you cannot know all the factors involved why assume the worst? Instead direct your energy toward thinking of a 𝘣𝘦𝘵𝘵𝘦𝘳 explanation for your being excluded. Often it is not the situation but your 𝘰𝘶𝘵𝘭𝘰𝘰𝘬 that brings on feelings of loneliness.​𝘼𝙫𝙤𝙞𝙙 𝙨𝙬𝙚𝙚𝙥𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙖𝙨𝙨𝙚𝙧𝙩𝙞𝙤𝙣𝙨. When you are lonely you might think ‘I 𝘯𝘦𝘷𝘦𝘳 get invited anywhere’ or ‘People 𝘢𝘭𝘸𝘢𝘺𝘴 avoid me.’ But those sweeping assertions will only make you sink deeper into the quicksand of loneliness. Such thoughts can create a vicious circle: You feel like an outcast which makes you isolate yourself which makes you lonely which makes you feel like an outcast.𝘽𝙚 𝙬𝙞𝙡𝙡𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙩𝙤 𝙗𝙚𝙛𝙧𝙞𝙚𝙣𝙙 𝙩𝙝𝙤𝙨𝙚 𝙬𝙝𝙤 𝙖𝙧𝙚 𝙤𝙡𝙙𝙚𝙧 𝙩𝙝𝙖𝙣 𝙮𝙤𝙪. The Bible tells of the life of David who was likely a teenager when he met Jonathan​—a man 30 years older than he was. Despite their age difference David and Jonathan became close friends. (1 Samuel 18:1) You could have the same thing happen in your life. “Recently I’ve come to appreciate the value of having friends who are older than I am” says 21-year-old Kiara. “I have some very dear friends decades older than I am and I really appreciate their mature view of things and their stability.”​𝘼𝙥𝙥𝙧𝙚𝙘𝙞𝙖𝙩𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙗𝙚𝙣𝙚𝙛𝙞𝙩𝙨 𝙤𝙛 𝙨𝙤𝙡𝙞𝙩𝙪𝙙𝙚. Some people feel lonely as soon as they face a moment of privacy. But simply being alone need not make you feel lonely. For example Jesus was sociable but he also appreciated the value of solitude. (Matthew 14:23; Mark 1:35) You can do the same. Instead of seeing your being alone as a disadvantage use quiet time to reflect appreciatively on your blessings. That can make you an even more desirable friend to others.​—Proverbs 13:20.Like❤️ + Save 📌 + share 💞✨Leave a comment 💬👉🏽 FOLLOW for more!🤗r/RISELiftingOthers
depression, Usually when Im alone on a Friday night I would go for some Beers. Watch the soccer game and drink 3 beers. Browse the internet. Then go to sleep very calmly and  feeling at ease with myself.I drink very little. Like maybe 2-3 beers weekly. 10 monthly. But I enjoyed spending time with myself analyzing football.Tonight Im too depressed to even go to Seven eleven and buy a six pack. I feel so down that the idea of spending 90 pesos for a six pack is a such a fucking waste of resources. I havent cried in 3 months prolly.  very strange feeling. My face feels like a dam thats about to be overturned and flood a whole city.Im the guy that usually ignores my buddies whatsapp group chat on weekends because... I usually dont coincide with their plans cus I mostly go out with my girlfriend or watch Netflix make dinner....Well Now Im in the other side. I hit them up telling them if they wanna come over. Cus Im home alone.  and I get no fucking answer. Im not usually the get together here every weekend guy. But still hurts...I dunno. I feel like a fucking tool from those sci-fi movies from the seventies. Just a motherfucker watching football that doesnt even wanna buy beer on a Friday night...
depression, Hi /r/depression this has been bothering me the past few weeks the fact that fantasy (meaning movies games literature etc.)  is so much more fulfilling than reality and Ive come to the sad conclusion that no matter what reality will never measure up. I recently watched an astounding movie/video game (The Last of Us for those who wish to know) that utterly depressed me because I firmly consider it the greatest story ever told and have done so for the past few weeks and Ive watched several playthroughs several times. In fact the story was so good that I cannot get into anything else in an effort to fill the void nothing else seems interesting anymore. And the fact that it is overthat there is no more to be had is devastating I cannot come to grips with the fact that the story has ended. I want more. It is not only that it is that such beautiful fiction might itself have no meaning. Im somewhat of a philosophical nihilist not of my own choice but perhaps a side-effect of my sadness and pessimism but intellectually my brain keeps telling me that this universe has no meaning and try as I might I cannot convince myself that there is any meaning to this world. Im not even sad for me if the universe has no meaning I mean fuck it Ill just die then I wont have to worry about the meaning of the universe anymore but I am sad for the characters in my favorite stories Im sad because their beautiful stories about love/sacrifice/etc themselves are meaningless. I love the characters more than I love myself for all intents and purposes they are living breathing beings to me. So really these things Im having trouble overcoming: 1) The fact that my beloved story has ended. I want more but cannot have any. 2) I cannot find more fiction which fills the void nothing seems to interest me anymore. (TLOU was just too damn good everything seems dull by comparison) and I wouldnt know where to look anyway. 3) The possibility that in a meaningless universe such beauty in the plot characters decisions is meaningless. (you can extend this last one to mean that all beauty in the universe is meaningless which depresses me also just not thinking about that right now.)This probably seems a bit silly. But it is making me uncomprehendingly sad and I dont know what to do about it.
depression, I just want to kill myself and be done with life. I have no real reason not to. Nothing truly makes me happy anymore and no one would really care if i died anyway so what is the point in living at all? Why should I keep dealing with the shitshow that is life when I have nothing to gain from it? I really have nothing left it live for. And the worst part is there isn’t any reason I should feel like this. I’m just normal. There isn’t really any major thing that should be making me so depressed but I am anyway. I feel broken like I’m missing something that everyone else has that keeps them going but I can never get it. Why should I keep living like this?
socialanxiety, How do I react? Of course it’s a very very nice gesture but I’m frozen so anxious am I. I decided to not leave my home because of health issues which usually get accompanied with anxiety especially social anxiety. I’m a serious hermit during those phases. Today a very very good friend (I try keeping my social circle as small as possible) decided to come over and drop a very sweet gift (groceries) in front of my door. I’m overwhelmed because it’s such a generous and sincerely nice gesture - but at the same time my anxiety is through the roof.We have already spoken on the phone. But how would you cope with such situations in general?The anxiety increased so much and now I can’t get rid of it.Please help.
mentalhealth, I’ve never noticed something getting worse as everything else was improving so severely.  I know like one Ryan but I think that’s most guys’ names right now.  It’s just people’s names that the disconnect has been happening with. If anyone has experienced that and maybe has some tips I’d appreciate it!
depression, Never imagined Id be crying my eyes out frustrated with my life in my late 20s. I just feel so tired to even type this up.Career no job money socializing personality anxiety insecurities speech-blocks self-conscious seasonal confidence have the potential but too inept to even try feelings of hopelessness phone anxiety unable to be independentIts all killing me. Why does it have to be me when everyone is continuing with the routine. Im tired of convincing myself with they may seem to have it all but they may not actually have it hell Im left with so much to worry about that I cant even think beyond my worries. Ive to pretend that Im ok masking all my feelings and emotions when in reality my mind is like a sleeping volcano awaiting to erupt.My school life ruined my whole life.
depression, Its gotten to the point that I think maybe its not just bad luck in picking friends but maybe it might be me.Recently a friend had asked a favour of me. She couldnt make it to the barn for an appointment for her horse and asked if I could go instead so I did.Turned out though the reason she couldnt make it was because she went shopping. So I called her out on it. Well she saw nothing wrong and has been completely immature.First she was upset I didnt get into it with her via text (she said shed give me the money for lunch since the deal was a lunch date and that she wouldnt ask in the future sounded good to me so I didnt reply!)Since shes been ignoring me (which honestly is fine she talks a lot about herself and if she cant be bothered to talk to me about the situation and be reasonable then I dont want to engage with her) and complains to anyone wholl listen that the shoes were the wrong type (for her horse). Shoulda been there then!But Im just so tired. Ive dealt with people like her my entire life. I used to be a pushover and now that I stand up for myself Ive realized Ive had a shitty group of friends. I realize Im better off without people like her but I feel lonely. Id like even just one friend whos mature enough to talk to me when Im upset with them.
depression, Welp turns out my anti-depressants have given me erectile dysfunction I’m 23 and going to need to either get put on Viagra or swap my meds... Great...
depression, So when I was younger my mother went through depression.  I was young (like 9 or 10) so I guess I never really understood what was going on and Im not sure what the extent was but one day I found her twitching on the kitchen floor.  I was about 10.  I called 911 and she was ok.  I was told that two of her different kinds of medicines conflicted and the doctor that prescribed them didnt know it would happen.  I didnt realize til a few years ago that she probably tried to OD herself.  My brother has been going through it for years but he doesnt live near me so I only get to speak to him on the phone every once in a while so I dont know much about his situation.  All i know is that he has ended up in the hospital many times over the past few months but as far as I know its been a combination of poorly-handled diabetes alcoholism and drug problems.I have a great and loving girlfriend but she is extremely unstable and has societal anxiety along with some pretty hardcore depression.  Ive been going out with her for about a year and a half.  For the first year it was really easy for me (and even satisfying in a way) to help her through her daily struggle and I seemed to intuitively know what she needed to hear.  But over the past several months its been getting harder for me.  Ive been getting exhausted with her.  Its been very difficult to shoulder the weight of her problems so often.  Although I think Ive made a significant positive difference in her life which is an incredibly satisfying feeling sometimes I can tell she thinks Im getting detached or unsympathetic.  She doesnt think I love her the same but thats not exactly how I feel.  Its just that when you deal with something almost every day for so long I guess it really wears you down.  When I try to convince her to get help she tells me that Im not helping and it seems like she is trying to guilt me into changing the subject.  I truly dont think she is aware that she is doing this but she is so afraid of getting help that she automatically looks at my suggestions in a negative light.  One of my best friends has separated parents that moved away from each other recently and I suspected for a long time that he was depressed/suicidal and had my suspicions confirmed recently.  A close group of friends were hanging out and drinking at his house as we do every once in a while and I woke up to find him alone in a dark room listening to music holding bottle of intense migraine pills.  When me and another friend asked him about it  he said well.. I do get migraines... and changed the subject.   I asked him about it privately later.  It went something like this: (after an awkward start to the convo)me: so what were those pills all about anyway..?him: ..you know what it was aboutme:  nobody with a migraine brings an entire bottle of pills into their basement and sits with them for hours.  This was something else.him well.  You know youre not wrong. So stop asking.Hes the kind of guy that really doesnt like to accept help from others; he prefers to deal with things himself.  That doesnt make me any less worried or concerned though.Anyway Im sorry for the wall of text. Its just a really odd thing that Im surrounded by people that I love that are depressed and Im not.  It doesnt help that I really dont understand firsthand what depression feels like.  I have always been successful in my life and I am a very happy and optimistic person. At the same time I am a very rational and mathematical-minded person and I guess my emotional side isnt quite as strong as a lot of other peoples.  I probably come off as blunt sometimes and the last thing I want to do is make anything worse.Its certainly a confusing feeling and I guess I just needed to spell it out. Thanks everyone who read this for your time.EDIT: I guess a good way to describe it is like this:  I have been around depression my whole life and for this reason I am very grateful that I never had to experience it.  At the same time a part of me probably wishes that i HAD experienced it so that I could better understand what my loved ones are going through. Please dont think Im trying to sound like a martyr thats the last thing Im going for.
depression, hey. I want to fucking die. Only thing keeping me alive is my brother and mother because i dont want to see them in pain after my death. I dont have friends i never go outside im stuck on my own thoughts. Im trying other ways to try to cope with all the pain but if im being honest theyre not working.
depression, I graduated last year from a high school in Plano Texas and attend university but I recently found out that a terrible person is succeeding so well. I remember having to grind through classes but this girl who happened to be the valedictorian of our class now attends Harvard and aces everything. Although I have to respect her for being rank 1 of our graduating class it irks me. She had done science fair conducting a project on algae modification and it makes me feel worthless that she had won internationally when obviously she didnt do her own project. Now a year later I see all these posts about her Harvard EMS and I can only remember her making fun of kids with disabilities just a year ago. Am I the only one who hates it when a terrible person succeeds? It makes me feel that all my efforts have been in waste.tl;dr Valedictorian of my high school is a terrible person but is succeeding at Harvard by cheating. Tilts me.
mentalhealth, I’m a 22 year old female and I’ve had horrible anger issues since I was a early teen. I have an extremely short temper and tend to lash out when I’m angry. Now I’ve never hurt anyone or myself but I have broken things (furniture doors kicked holes in walls etc.) I’m already getting therapy for it but sometimes deep breathing and taking a minute to cool off just doesn’t work. Mental illness runs in my family mostly on my moms side and I’ve kinda of gotten lucky with it. I’m not diagnosed with any kind of mental illness but I have have a bad temper. I think I mostly inherited my short fuse from my dad as he tends to get angry quickly and blow things out of proportion. The times when my temper is the worst is when I’m either just waking up or trying to go to sleep. My parents have a bad habit of asking me 20 questions as soon as I wake up. I try to answer them but I just get fed up and pissy. I’ve since moved out so I don’t really have to deal with anymore but there’s still days where they’ll call me at 7am and ask questions. I’m just extremely irritable when I’m “sleepy.” I’ve tried to explain to people “I’m tired just give me a second” but it seems to never work. I also get angry when there’s lots of noise around. Children screaming car alarm as going off the ticking of a clock etc. will drive me up the wall. I read something somewhere that this is called Sensory Overload. Any kind of minor inconvenience will get me worked up as well. Sitting in traffic someone cuts me off while driving or talking not being able to do something when I want to...I can’t stand it. Just about anything that doesn’t go “my way” gets me worked up. I’ve been told many times that I’m acting childish and only kids get mad at the things that I’m upset about and yeah. Some of the stuff that pisses me off is completely fucking stupid and any normal person wouldn’t get upset. But when you have anger issues you don’t really give a shit how childish you look. You’re angry in the heat of the moment and maybe when you cool off later you look back on it and say “wow that was stupid.” But unfortunately that doesn’t happen for maybe hours later sometimes. 9 times out of 10 I’m not angry at anyone. I’m angry at something that happened around me or something that’s happening in the world. People tend to think my anger is directed at them when it’s really not. If I’m pissed at you trust me. You’ll know. But anyway thanks for reading. I just needed to vent a little.
depression, Today I was humiliated by my manager whos been abusing me a lot lately but when he says things like Im just a filler and should be glad he is giving me a job at all or make jokes with other employes about me being a loner I just cant find the strenght to stand up and say anything and isnt even because Im scared of losing my job (even though I really need it). I just freeze the words vanish from my mind and then afterwards I just keep feeling really angry at myself for not saying anything and just get this self loathing feeling like Im so pathetic I shouldnt even be called a person... Im just a pathetic coward
mentalhealth, Okay so the title might make me seem like a dick and im sorry for that haha.. But what I mean is that when Im on tumblr or something and I see some supportive post about mental disorders or mental health in general I get mad or upset. I really cant explain why but for me personally its annoying. I just want to see supportive stuff and not get upset. Even the word serotonin makes me upset like what?!?(Background on me: I have some... trauma I have adhd and anxiety)Sorry if I sound rude or something and if my question is dumb sorry ;-;
depression, I feel like I care so much about friends who have much less regard for my feelings. I will go out of my way to make sure a friend is okay I will help them in any way I can and be available to them if they need me. I am not a physically affectionate person but I am still there for people when they need me. Somehow all of my efforts go unnoticed and are not appreciated. Its like this with family friends etc. My mom especially will accuse me of being self-centered and not having a clue as to what goes on in anyone elses life. She thinks I dont know how my other family members/friends feel that I dont know what they go through etc. But the thing is- shes wrong. I am there for people. I am aware of how they feel and whats going on in their lives whether its good or bad. She just doesnt NOTICE. And the same thing happens with friends. Ill go out of my way for them and do something to help them and there is very rarely a thank you or acknowledgment. Why do the things that I do always go unnoticed?
depression, I’m so proud that you are still here and still pushing through the fog of depression. You are not alone in this world. You’re amazing. Keep up the good work cut yourself some slack and be proud of what you have accomplished even if it means you only got out of bed today. It’s a step in the right direction.
depression, A prescription of Fluoxetine filled and unbearable anxiety about taking it. Happy Valentines Day to me!!! :)
depression, That is all.
depression, Everyday I think to myself why am I still alive. Everywhere I look I see people succeed at things I don’t. I see musical and artistic geniuses I see the smartest people in the world I see people who are attractive beyond measure I see people who are loved and praised wherever they go. Then I look at myself I have nothing that makes me special nothing that makes me unique. Each hobby or interest that I’m interested in I’m awful to mediocre at. I seem super annoying and needy to almost everyone I meet. I keep asking out girls that show no interest in me at all. Yet I blow up my twitter with suicidal messages and only a few people message me to see if I’m ok. That tells me that my existence is meaningless that it holds no value. I’m not good at anything I do so why should people care if I live or die. Some people text me and say that they care about me or are worried about me are they? I mean they almost never text me before and now they want to care about me? My family says they care about me sure they’d be sad about my passing but at the end of the day they’ll move on. People will move on and I’ll never be more than a memory. My father and mother have my siblings so why bother about one person gone? I think I’ve given up on trying to get a girlfriend I’ve asked out over hundreds of girls and got shot down on each and one of them. The ones that seem to lead somewhere never go anywhere. I just accept that I’m a ugly not appealing person whatsoever. I don’t resent any of them I wouldn’t find me attractive either. I’m doing ok at university my fraternity doesn’t seem to care enough for me to care. It’s all shit and I don’t feel like living I don’t want to live anymore.
depression, Hi all my girlfriend (18) has been struggling with clinical depression for about 5 years now. The pandemic and being on lockdown has definitely taken a toll on her and its likely itll be a while before we can be together in person again. She isnt on antidepressants or seeing a therapist (has been in the past but parents didnt react well). We talked about ways she could try to manage it herself and I suggested sleeping more regularly and more often and establishing daily goals and some kind of routine to give her more of a sense of purpose but Im not sure what else to suggest. What helps you when you are struggling and how could I support her properly (without crossing any boundaries)?Thanks :)
mentalhealth, Whenever I try to see say a ball on a flat square the square keeps rotating and shaking without my wanting to. Whatever I do my head tries to mess it up or steer it towards something else. The only way I can stop it is to physically hold my hands out and grab onto whatever I want to stay.
depression, I find myself guilty for things Ive done in the past but find it impossible to forgive myself its not that I dont want to its because I feel Ill never be able to. This has lead me to a stage in life of complete and utter confusion.On one occasion I committed an act so horrible I cast a demon upon myself that hasnt left since doing so unintentionally brought a hideous amount of pain to those I loved which in turn came back to affect me. I isolated myself from others and lost many of those that misunderstood what I was going through.During what seemed like a forced recovery process I was met with new faces that all seemed to care and be able to help. Over the course of a couple years I received advice from them on what I had to do and had gained a fair idea of my strengths and weaknesses.Then came time for me to say goodbye to my mentors as I knew they had done all they could for me. I felt somewhat free and ready for change I found a spark of life in me that wanted to continue so I did. My thoughts became less intrusive and more focused on being positive but there was still a piece of me missing. Believing that youre doing the right thing doesnt necessarily mean that youre and in an inevitable twist of fate I made several more mistakes which has left me in an inescapable rut. Professional counselling is no longer available nor effective and motivation to get up again is completely gone. Ive been given pharmaceuticals to combat the problems Im left with but nothing has helped I self medicate with illegal drugs and abuse my prescribed pills quite often yet doctors continue suggesting a need for them.Now here I am desperate and lost still trying to seek answers. If anyones out there who knows what Im going through how do I forgive myself for trying to take my own life?I need to truly recover from this mental scar.. I would appreciate an honest opinion as I have no intention on letting myself and those that care about me down once again.
depression, Even checking my notifications is exhausting and anxiety provoking. I feel like a lot of my interactions with people feel forced or fake. I just want a week to lay down by myself and do nothing.
mentalhealth, I am 31 male I would say I have looks and definitely have the smarts.  In theory I want to achieve a career change and have a family on my own... In reality I am bored to the core with life just drink beer (COVID19 made things worse with clsoing gyms)... I am basically self-sabotaging and just rottening doing nothing. Worst thing is my old depression plus anxity kicked in a month ago I am on meds again I thought I had beaten it for good two years ago...This may sound like a deeply phylosophyical question but it is not - it is absolutely prgmatic. Even until a month ago when I was still not depressed again I really had no purpose in life though pretending I have one but atleast I was calm and content. Now it is the same but it feels tragic and as if life is a burden. So knowing why I live giving me a reason to wake up on a terrible day is cruical for my being.I am going to start therapy soon. I just feel so bad that I am that old (31) still no big money in the pocket career family and now again - mental health problems...
mentalhealth, My whole life literally since I was a baby I have had mental health issues that have gone undiagnosed until now.My mum had an extremely stressful pregnancy. There was a tear in the amniotic sack and she (I) was losing fluid. The doctors told her I would be born either dead or deformed and she should have an abortion.I was born neither dead nor deformed but with mental health issues that started showing very early on. I never cried and always kept my arms tightly folded across my chest so much so that the doctors had to physically pull my arms down to stop rashes/infection after being in the same tight position for weeks. As a young child I’d act erratically too. I’d run away from school and then when I was sent home I’d scream and attack my parents for hours. They locked themselves in the bathroom once as I had a knife and I managed to break the lock in the door I was shoving it so hard. I was about 5.Things got worse as I got older. I was popular in school and made friends easily but I would also physically take my anger (stresses/worries) out on my friends sometimes as well as my parents. I also developed a severe phobia of eating around dolls. This was particularly tough as I had a younger sister who loved her Baby Annabelle and Barbies. My parents thought I was making this fear up for attention but even today just being in a room with food and a doll (or even just something to do with a doll like a piece of clothing or a Barbie horse) makes me feel extremely sick.This developed further into severe mood swings going from 0-100 in a matter of seconds. I could be completely calm and happy and all of a sudden in such a state of panic and confusion that I couldn’t control myself. I used to try to combat these mood swings by going on walks for hours until my feet hurt and then I’d keep walking and finally get home and just break down in tears.I also became obsessed with road accidents convinced that someone I loved was going to be in a car crash. I’d monitor the BBC traffic page every hour of every day and as soon as I’d see an accident in the local area I’d walk to the scene to make sure the victim wasn’t anyone I knew.After trying to kill myself in my first year of uni by overdose I was prescribed fluoxetine. I’ve been on this now for nearly 8 years and it has definitely helped however in recent months things have taken another turn for the worse. I have been hearing humming and feeling the pressure of a table against my head. I have been so inconsolable I have been unable to speak or get out of bed and have tried to kill myself too before my housemate stopped me. I do not feel like I’m in my own body and feel almost as if I’m watching myself play as a video game character or just constantly living in a dream. Currently I’m on leave from work as I feel completely unable to do my job - I see an email I read it it makes no sense to me my mind is cloudy and the pressure in my head is unbearable.Tonight I am visiting my GP with my husband partly for a general review and partly so he can learn how to support me. I’ve been referred onto our local psychiatry department who will give me a formal diagnosis. I’ve also been referred on to counselling for suicide and self harm help. After 25 years I’m finally getting somewhere. I am at one of the lowest points of my life but it will be okay I am getting the help I need. Finally!
depression, Its my birthday today. Im lying in bed crying and feeling worse than Ive ever felt. Im feeling like no one gives a fuck no one likes me and that Im a massive failure and fuck up. My parents are arguing and lashing out at eachother youd think that tonight of all nights theyd stop and think but I guess not. I feel like shit at the best of times Im always putting up a facade and making people happy and laugh while on the inside Im sad and a shell of what I should be.Im a fuck up with no sense of direction in life. I hate my own appearance and everyone around me seems happy and contempt with life. Im meant to be playing in a 5 man game of League of Legends right now but I turned my PC off and went to bed crying. Not one of my friends has asked me how Im doing or tried to contact me - they dont give a fuck about me at all. If I saw a friend go offline with no explanation Id at least be asking where they went even if said friend didnt want to talk they would appreciate that someone is asking where they went - I know I would anyways.
depression, And then I woke up ):On the brightside at least it was a fictional girl my dream created it would be worse for me if it was one I know irl
depression, Im 28 years old father of two who cant keeps a job due to a back condition. The only way I survive is by leaching off my girlfriend.  Im so far behind on child support Im 90% sure Im going to jail. Everytime I try to better my life it ends in disaster. I like very out in the middle of nowhere and I dont drive because of anxiety. I couldnt even get my kids something for Christmas. If I go to jail I fear Im going going to snap....  I dont know.
depression, All I kept thinking about was how badly I just dont want to be here anymore and how I cant do it anymore. Everything in class was a blur. I dont remember a single thing that took place. Im so fucking done with everything. I turned my life into shit by doing something fucked up and I cant stand being here anymore. I hate myself too much to continue dealing with this.
depression, Why do some students get bad grades break the laws (I mean school rules) just sit there and laugh things off yet they get everything- from relationships to money freedom- meanwhile I struggle every day just to keep my head up with a schedule full of extra classes.I keep telling myself that just do it- fuck them. Theyre gonna grow up into useless people. But I still have problem with loneliness whenever I look at some boys flirting girls and spend the day with them. There was this guy who just keep on breaking the school rule of do not change seats and move his chair to the girls table and start messing with them- I dont get it- this generation is totally ruined. All I know is that those girls are only loving him for his money and muscle flexing and he is only loving them for vagina and sex. (I dont know why I feel this way- maybe its because Im too lonely).My depression stop me from concentrating. And at the end of the day I often go take a walk in a nearby park to calm my anger down- nature is always beautiful!Sorry for making a fuss but I cant find anywhere better to flush the anger accumulated in me... I dont think I could fully let u understand what Im going through with only words.
depression, I dont know I want to cry but I cant do it like i am feelingless or something I am surrounded by people but I feel alone I think there is no point in living I guess its time for me to end it all
depression, I hate how all it takes is one messy week for me to go from “yeah life is whatever” to wishing that every car I passed on the street would run me down. Like how stupid am I that  I thought one weekend would be enough to help me cool down from this mood but there it is still the energy being sapped from my body wanting me to die.
depression, I dont know where to post this so apologies if this isnt the place. My emotions and sentimentality are way too pronounced and I am having trouble dealing with it. I am a parent to two amazing boys 13  and 11. And I just started bawling looking at photos of them when they were little. Missing those times. But this happens a lot. It is not normal to miss the times to the point of starting to cry. Those times are NEVER coming back and they will only get farther and farther away. And while i ADORE the new times we are making seeing those little smiles and knowing they are never coming back just causes me so much despair. Im actually getting emotional as a write this. Why do these things trigger me so much more than other people? Other people are not moved to tears at least once a month over this shit. Complicating factor...Im a guy. Even MORE hard to wrap my head around these feelings or share them.
mentalhealth, Ive always been a tomboy always. I hated traditional woman interests hate dresses- the usual tomboy. But I do like men and had male crushes throughout my life. Lately Ive been dealing with crazy amounts of anxiety so I sat down to figure out where it all went wrong. I barely have any friends now and dont even wanna bother to socialize. This is affecting me and Im scared ill get depressed or lose my mind since Im isolating all day. (Ps. Im aware this confusion isnt the only reason but its a very big factor). The way I grew up too- my parents were emotionally and physically abusive (the normal amount from where Im from. And was taught to be tough rather than soft.After analyzing my life I realized:1. The way I socialize the way I think and act is something that would socially put me on top if I was a guy but it doesnt work for me as a woman.2. I always got frustrated when someone said youre like a boy and tried to defend myself. All this time I thought that wearing boy clothes liking motorcycles and extreme sports being reckless and talking like a man as a girl its normal.. ITS NOT.3. When it came to role-play games I naturally always picked a male character. Never felt bad for lying to the other players about my gender because to me it wasnt a lie its what I am.I know how to talk to women and how to make them date me.Im so confused. I never realized before. Outside of my mind I like men and Im a straight woman. But then again I dreded going on dates because it was irritating and annoying dealing with guys.Yesterday was the first time I realized all those and asked myself could I be trans? Or is it just my animosity towards gender inequality and envy towards men.Whatever the answer is I cant ever be someone I want because I wasnt born like that. So my question is: Would hormone therapy change the way I think and make me feminine? Or what other solution can there be? Do I refrain from certain internet content? Ps. Please dont say accept yourself for what you are  I dont want to because its not possible physically. Nor would anyone ever accept me. So Id be equally as happy to turn into a feminine woman. I just wanna fit in and get a love life.
depression, repost from r/AskReddit as no response.We have been trying to get through to our friend for a while. He has taken a positive step with starting therapy for depression but we do not believe he is being honest with the therapist...
depression, My SO had a fight with his parents and might have to get the authorities involved. When I went to my friend she gave me some worthless advice and left when I tried to defend myself from scrutiny again. Now I have no one to turn to. Depression is getting really bad. Having some bad thoughts.
depression, Im pretty sure I lost my job this morning. Ive had to take some time off due to my health which is shit btw. Ive suffered from depression and anxiety my whole life. Im 27 and my wife loves and so does my daughter and yet I couldnt break off my anxiety which is what is stopping me from making my way to work. Now I find out this morning that I probably lost my job because I havent been able to come to work for a few weeks. I get it. It makes sense.What am I gonna do ? I have been crying in my bathroom for about 2 hours now. Everything is my fault I just cant seem to make anything work. I feel like that shit stain you cant get off your shoe and everywhere you go it just smells like shit and you cant shake it off. I dont understand what is so wrong with me...
mentalhealth, I’ve only been taking it for a week. After reading the horror stories about Cymbalta withdrawal I’ve decided I want to stop taking it before it gets in my system enough to cause withdrawal later on in life. Does anyone know how long you have to take it before withdrawal becomes inevitable?
depression, I say ok and not great because I dont feel great.  I am unsure if I have ever felt great in my life to be honest.  But I feel ok.  Why is ok just fine?  Well Ive been going through a lot the past year (and at its highest intensity over the last few months.)  Theres been many times where I wanted to die and a few times I tried but I can finally say that I want to live.  Ive been living for near 27 years and this is the first I actually want to live to see what else happens in life.  Ive come to terms with a lot of pain from my past and a lot of pain from the past year.  I know there will still be hard days but I finally feel as if I can face them as a person.  Im sorry to bring everyones mood down but I thought it needed to be shared.
depression, hiive been diagnosed following a depression with obsessive compulsive disorder. on a website it is said that an obsessive person love is hate or something like that resulting in very little prospect of having a relationship (im 27 and 0 gf up to date). id like to know if this is accurate and if someone can better describe what it mean to be obsessive. im student and moving from place to place and didnt start any therapy OCD is the third diagnosis i had and no one is telling me what it mean my new psy seem to think that love is hate for an OCD but dont want to says anything just yet (just think smiling and watching the roof...) can anyone tell me a little bit about that ?also how long last a therapy approximately for that kind of stuff and what happen ? i dont understand why my different psy dont say a thing maybe they want me to look the internet but not sure so im asking for anyone knowing anything about the matter cause its been going on for a while and is very upsetting to me. is there anyone knowing anything in the field or having experience it themselves ?thx
depression, So Ive been depressed for like the past 4-5 years now M(23). It all started while I was in college in my 1st year and I dont remember exactly how it started but it was just the impending feeling of loneliness and not being able to make friends at a new place far from home. It worsened as the years got passed in college and I didnt even know I what I had was called depression until I took a test online. Used to cry every night to sleep and and used to think of ending my life every day but that slight hope of maybe life might get better for me once Im sone with college kept me going. I was pretty social and used to hang out with my friends and go to parties a lot to try to keep my mind off of all this but as soon as Im not with my friends it just hits me hard back again and I go down that spiral. In the 3rd year of college I found out that I have major anxiety as well. Whenever that wave of depression hits me I get anxiety attacks and I just start crying and hyperventilating and this goes on for hours and usually ends up in me passing out on my bed. And did I say I overthink too. So that doesnt help either once it starts I just go in loop and most of the time idk how to stop it or control it.Then covid hit the country and we went into lockdown I was stuck without being able to meet anyone and I was all alone in my apartment which was just horrible anxiety attacks were a daily thing now got that for 3 months continuously. Somehow managed to get through it without killing myself. Finally the country opened up a little bit and I managed to reach back home things improved a little bit but my mental state was pretty bad. After a couple of months at home I graduated from college and got my degree and now the search for a job was on and that isnt going anywhere either so far I dont have any motivation for finding one when I think whats the point of all this I just dont want to live anymore with all this pain. I barely used to get motivated. Few more months go by finally I meet a girl online after a month of texting we finally meet and decided to make thing pretty serious despite it being a long distance relationship and thought about making it work she was very understanding and we hit it off pretty good and I told her my issues and everything and opened up for the first time in my life. I didnt care about myself so I gave all my efforts into this relationship and things were going really good for 4 months and in those 4 months I was really happy and didnt feel depressed at all cuz she made me feel that way. Even though she didnt do anything special just her presence was enough for me to feel better about myself and be motivated. So I started looking for jobs and what to do for our future. She used to give me time and effort for the relationship as much as I used to . But for the last one-two months she barely has any time for me and doesnt even respond or even talk to me even though theres nothing going on in her life that makes it busy I understand and respect her feelings and emotions but she doesnt seem like she cares about mine now. I felt that loss of energy and love from her even though I have been respectful caring and loving towards her gave her proper attention and treated her right. This instantly brought back the anxiety and depression that I thought was gone and hit me real hard and its worse than ever I tell her how I feel and she just gives me a very dry response. After putting all your efforts into someone and them not giving a damn about you hurts bad. I just dont know what to do anymore with my life Ive lost all hopes in life and dont even find whats the point in living anymore. Im not suicidal but I have thought about it a lot I dont want to die but Im done living with all this pain Im looking for something to give me hope so that I can live but so far the relationship helped but now I dont see that working out and having a future either Im just done with everything now. I just lock myself in my room now all day and just cry most of the time. Im just done with my life and idk what to do.
mentalhealth, Hello yesterday i went to psychiatrist and told him about my mental state condition.. he then took and prescribed me 2 medications ( Zoloft 50mg and Mirzaten 30mg) as i came home it was too late for me to take zoloft beacuse he suggested that i take it after breakfast.. so as i felt anxious and sweating before sleep i took 15mg of Mirzaten and after 30-45 minutes i got really sleepy and went to bed where while i was trying to sleep saw like.. “hallucinations” you know? Where you are so tired that when you slightly close your eyes and see some kind of a movement on your bed or something idk how to explain it.. anyway as i woke up today i feel very tired and unmotivated.. all i want to do is to sleep and do nothing. Is this a side-effect??? And will it go away?
depression, I wake up every morning and lie paralysed in bed paralysed by the anxiety and hopelessness unable to see a way forward in my future. Depression changes you it infects you. It takes away the joy the ambition and leaves nothing but an empty shell. I dont know what to do I dont know what I can do except that I want to look at the world in colour again to believe there is something out there for me.This apathy is so overwhelming I dont know how to care about something how to be excited how to hope again? How can I believe everything is going to be okay? Ive forgotten how to dream.
depression, For a moment  I think about my future and determined that I can do everything and achieve what I want to be even though I still dont know what I want to do and the next i just wanna die
mentalhealth, Hello everyone. My mom passed away in February unexpectedly. She was the rock of my family. My brother and I are both adults in our 20’s and independent but my father was incredibly dependent on her and is completely lost in adult life without her.He relies on me to help him with everything. Taxes paying bills appointments etc. I am taking my moms place and it’s too much for me (I’m only 22). I live three hours away from him and I can’t always be there but my dad can’t do things on his own and he doesn’t ask other family for help. I think he has a mental disability that is undiagnosed. I feel as though he needs a professional to help him with his life but I don’t know if such a thing exists or what even his condition is? He is dyslexic but has extreme problems with learning new thingsreading writing anger issues and outbursts impulse control and memory. My boyfriend thinks he may have had some kind of brain injury in his past that may have led him to be like this. Any advice? What kind of help could be out there for someone like my dad? Is it worth bringing him to get a diagnosis?Thank you all.
depression, so tired of the isolation. of not having any support. of not having any help. of not having anyone who cares. i am so fucking alone it hurts so bad.
depression, Hello thereEverything I do feels boring since I first had depression. I tried books games movies yet I cant seem to alleviate my boredom one bit. Is there anything you do to relive yourself off the boredom that depression brings? I hope you have an answer because it feels like I cant continue my life like this anymore.Best wishes to everyone~
depression, letter to my past selfThis darkness grows inside of me.It grows from all the broken promises to loved ones.It grows from all the broken promises to myself.It grows from the cycle of self sustaining isolation.It grows from apathy.It grows from failer.It grows from giving up.It grows from not caring.It grows from bad eating habits.It grows from bad sleeping habits.It grows from blocking out friends and relatives.It grows from the lies I speak.It grows into the place your dreams once held.It grows from inaction.It grows until the weight of everything makes it viral and self sustaining.Before you realize it you have reached the event horizon where there seems to be no turning back.Where you find yourself thinking that out of every experience you have hadevery memoryevery person you have meteverything on the planetand everything in your reality.You only care about maybe 1 thing. and thats. fucking. IT.And it got to this point on auto pilot.You are now thinking that you dont care about anything that happens to youand you only realize how far you have fallen when your down.. to.. the... last... 1... thing.At this point your mind and body are so conditioned to feel nothing and inaction. that you dont Really care about that one thing...... Now you only have one choice left to make.The easy way calling out to you like an old friend.The easy way... checking out early... doesnt even seem bad to you.In fact it is desirable because after letting your life fall so far. just the thought of coming out of it seems not worth the effort.The end of all your broken promises and broken promises to come.The end of the look of disappointment and worry on the faces of the ones that love you.The end of the attempt to appear normal.The end of the mask you wear.The end of all the little daggers poking at you day by day.The things that need doing that pile up.The end of your reality.The end of your consciousness.Dark nothingness.The other choice.The hard choice.The seemingly impossible choice.The only other way outis through.Through everything.Through all the bullshit.Through all the pain.Through all the regret.Through all the stress.Through YOUR OWN FUCKING MENTAL CONDITIONING.YOU MUST TAKE IT ALL ON!I cant give you a reason that will make sense to you to pick the hard pathBUT YOU MUST.It will not be easybut it is not complicated.You have to KILL the person you wereby cutting out all the:bad habitsprocrastinationdishonestyinactionapathy.YOU MUST.YOU HAVE. TO. FUCKING. TRY.You have to throw every thing you have and every part of your soul against the darkness.
mentalhealth, I lay in bed all day mostly sleeping or scrolling thru my phone and watching youtube. My room is disgusting because i cant bring myself to actually do.. anything. At all. I wont go anywhere. I wont do anything. Just work and sleep. Everything around me hurts. Family members that are stressed makes me 100x more stressed. My stress levels are past 100%. I am constantly guilty over everything even the most minor things ever. Im constantly angry and on the verge of screaming and breaking down. I cry all the time now. I have no control over anything in life. The government of my country (us) is completely useless and i know theres nothing i can do about it. I am so trapped in my misery. I cant cope because i wont move. When i can move i just sit there and stare into space going over everything that is making me miserable over and over again. I feel like a hollow shell of a person. I dont take my medicine normally because i just dont do anything which is causing my schizophrenia to reappear. I am often finding myself on a train of thought that leads into delusions. I also hallucinate more. I feel useless and ugly. People are getting frustrated with my inability to do anything. Everyones advice is just get up and do it. No one understands how deep my misery goes. It is every piece of me now. I feel so far gone. I wish i could kill myself but im too afraid of pain. Cant see a therapist due to covid but i never get to see one regardless because they overbook. I need to be seen weekly and i cant get someone to see me anymore regularly than one every month or two. They never care anyway. They dont listen. Ive had five therapists in this shithole town and each one has skipped over what in telling them so that we can do whatever weird exercises they believe will help me which they dont. They insult me. They act like im making it all up. I dont want to live anymore. How do i even begin to make this better??? Can anyone help me or should i give up for good?
depression, I cant find the words to express what Im feeling. I can find words to describe what Im thinking and what emotions move me but they feel hollow and pointless. They do nothing except reminding myself of what Im already thinking and feeling. And I dont want to be reminded because it is so tiring and it hurts.I have few but caring people who are willing to listen but I just cant force myself to talk to them about what pain Im experiencing. I feel like I am burdening them for nothing. Talking or venting about my problems doesnt offer any relief because afterwards they are just as real as before. In some very rare instances when I feel like I am short to exploding into a thousand pieces it can take the edge off. But I always feel bad afterwards for dragging someone into this mess with me. I dont want them to have to worry and feel guilty because they cant help me. Their thoughts dont have to also circle around these negative things I am already thinking about. I dont feel like I can enrich their lives with anything when Im that miserable. And they also have do deal with their own problems. So I end up not talking to them. The periods where I feel like I can positively contribute to their lives and enjoy communicating are getting fewer and fewer.I feel like I locked myself in and I cant get out anymore. Im tired not physically or only a little maybe. But my head feels so tired. I need to consciously force myself to do anything now. It started with the normal things the things most people just do in their daily life. Like cleaning cooking personal hygiene etc. I still do these things but with every time I force myself it gets a little harder and I feel like more energy is drained from me. The little things that made them enjoyable like good music while cleaning or the freshness you feel after a shower just became too normal and dont do anything anymore. Like they lost their magic or I lost something. But it also started to affect the things that should offer joy like hobbies. Slowly every bit of enjoyment is pulled from these tasks and Im questioning myself why bother doing it when it doesnt make you feel good or accomplished in some way? Then I force myself to do them because you gotta do something right? And then I start hating it. I havent found anything that helps me to regain energy or something worth aiming towards because I feel too exhausted to look and everything I find I slowly lose interest and joy in and it becomes just one more of these unfulfilling things have to force myself to do. I feel like there is nothing to live for. And for me personally that is fine. I feel so tired and hurt that I dont need to go on. But it wouldnt be right for the people around me. So I think: when I cant have anything that keeps me going maybe I can just force myself a little longer for the people around me. But since I have been already doing that for a while now and its eating me up I dont think I will be able to go much longer without a purpose.
depression, I don’t need anything like the suicide prevention hotline. I’ve just been really sad lately and need someone to talk with 1 on 1 or something like that.
socialanxiety, I am struggling with very bad social anxiety. In 2 months I am going to start a new work.   This work needs me to be social and talk with new people on a daily basis.  Now I know its not a solution to be popping pills to feel good but I am thinking of doing it like twice a week just to help me overcome my fears in the beginning.  When I feel more safe (hopefully) I will just cut down dont worry about this please.My question is what medicine would you concider to be the best for social anxiety? SSRI is not working so dont bother with that :D I was thinking some kind of benzo preferable one that isnt that dangerous to get addicted too. I have also heard about pregabalin. And finally I have heard that propranolol can work too. What are your thoughts Reddit? Really need some advice here! :)Thanks
depression, I often heard you guys talk about how you cant afford to pay so Im curious.Mine: $1.40 for visit psychiatrist $11.24 for pills/month $14.05 traveling cost (Taxi).
mentalhealth, I have been depressed recently and I lost interest in biking one of my favorite hobbies. I finally decided to get up and try it again. I biked 20 miles straight.
depression, I think I remember how it felt like to be carefree and happy. To wake up in the morning not dreading the day to walk down a road without my inner thoughts torturing me to sit still in silence with no feelings of anxiety. I knew back then I enjoyed so many things I loved to draw I played instruments read books wrote my own stories and even enjoyed to study.That is all in the past. Now all I do is exist. I cant study I almost rarely leave my room. I dont draw I dont read I dont create anything anymore. My soul is drained Im constantly tired. Tired of these feelings tired of the numbness that all my medications give me tired of just existing. Not living. Im not dead but Im not alive. Im inbetween and Im stuck here. Of course I cant create anymore. Theres nothing left inside of me to give energy for things to arise. My decade of depression cant be cured it can only be managed. I know Im in a rut and Ill have better days but Ive given up hope on living life as I did before. Im mourning a part of me that has died forever.
depression, Obligatory im on mobile disclaimer so sorry for formatting errors or typos. This will be quite long and most of it quite petty but it builds to something. At least i think so. Tldr at the bottom. Earlier this year me and a good friend of mine agreed to be roommates once the summer hit. We have a good time together so we agreed to hang on a more permanent basis. The proximity makes it easy and were both a bit introverted (him more than me).For context i am bi (preference leans towards men) and he is not. This is relevant. Before we moved in i went and tried shrooms for the first time with a different friend of mine. This brought out some feelings in me I didnt know i had. Feelings for my soon-to-be roommate. Fuck.I made it a point to talk with my roommate beforehand and get this all squared away. He didnt reciprocate (as i anticipated) and we reached an understanding. Things were seemingly copacetic. The bullshit started to pile on me rather quickly however. Things began to decline as the move occurred roughly 2 months ago. The move itself was a bit tumultuous. My roommate worked with the previous tenants and it was agreed upon hed get the keys so we could move in. Problem was he didnt get the keys to me soon enough to vacate my previous place on time nearly costing me money for an extra week of time past my lease end date. I attributed this to shit happens and moved on. My friend didnt help me move at all due to work (i have a history of spinal surgery so i kinda needed that help lifting). Moved myself in by pulling an all nighter. Shit happens moved on albeit very painfully. Lack of sleep impairs my driving and i nearly get a ticket for running a red (definitely ran it evidently not my day). Moved on.Roommate moves in (i help and try to be nice) and becomes too busy to take care of rent/setting up utilities so now i handle bills and rent. Roommate evidently forgets to clean dishes and his spaces in general (enter innumerable flies spiders and 4 cockroaches to date). Hes genuinely busy but thats a bit too fargone for me to remain silent. We talk and we agree to do better in that department. That lasts for about 2 weeks then we return to unwanted crawling house guests. I cant just apply the golden rule and be a slob myself as i live here too. So i work to clean it all up solo. Incessantly. On a daily basis. This is tiring. But hey love is blind i guess. Point being my patience is already wearing thin for things to come. In the midst of all of this im still trying to hang out with the guy when we can. Even if im taking care of upkeep maybe the dynamic will result in enjoyable quality time in each others company. That happened for about a month. Now Ive been cast off to the side for a girl hes interested in which reaves a metaphorical wound in my heart since i still care about him. Multiple promises for us to chill were broken for her. He repeatedly lied about it and tried to cover it up. Only tells the truth when he knows Ill get it from someone else. Bro code violation. This does not bode well for my mental state as now im going to be subjected to someone i like with someone else. In my home that i tirelessly clean because of him. All at the expense of my feelings and my time. I feel like my trust was betrayed. This wasnt what we agreed to and this isnt the kind of person i thought was going to be my roommate (lesson learned). All of these complex feelings melded together and boiled over a few days ago. I spent a fair amount of time crying and trying to pull myself together. Definitely not happy. The logical response here is for me to fuck right off out of here and find a new place. Problem is i cant afford to break the lease and even if i could Id have to break the one after it as well due to needing to move again next summer. Everything available now runs September to September and Id need to bounce in june or July at the latest. Way too much money to fork out (yay student loans and being a college student). So I just stay. As allegory to how much this sucks a close friend of mine had to live in a similar situation where she was living with her ex post-breakup (she was dumped) and couldnt move out due to leasing issues. She cited this situation as one of two primary factors when she killed herself. Im not suicidal but I now understand the misery that brought her that low.The question is how do i cope with the impending mixture of roommate relationship and my fuck shit stack of frustration and other assorted emotions? It seems so inevitable (Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. Or should i say her) that this new chicks presence is going to ruin me emotionally. All of this was my idea so i have myself to partially blame for creating this fresh hell i now have to call home. Im already in therapy so thats something. The internet is sort of a second opinion for me i guess. Tldr: My increasingly frustrating roommate is about to exacerbate my unrequited love for him by bringing his girlfriend home and ditching me constantly. What do?
mentalhealth, Everyday I get uncomfortable bodily sensations that feel very unnatural and awkward. These sensations are making my life extremely hard to get through because they are constant and honestly feel scary and horrible. Im not sure if these feelings are from anxiety because I do have constant anxiety and feel quite depressed. Ive had counselling in the past but it didnt really help much. Im really scared because I cant really find anything about this kind of stuff online and I just feel like the only one going through this. Can someone please give me some insight because I do feel like Im going a bit crazy.
depression, Life isnt about how hard you can hit...life is about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Thats how winning is done. Understand and accept that the person you see in the mirror is the toughest opponent you will ever face. You are the only one who can stand between yourself and everything you want it life.
depression, Someone suggested I take 5-HTP and then I was reminded L-Tryptophan exists and is used for depression too. Id really like to try. Those who use HTP what dosage did you use when you first started or what do you suggest? And what do you suggest on how I rise the dosage if needed? I heard 50-100mg 3 times a day (I assume thats each time you take some not 5-100 divided by 3) is good but I wanna hear real experiences from others.&amp;#x200B;For Trypto the same as above. Also it says I need to take it with low protein carbohydrate-rich meals or snacks... do I have to do that? What happens if I eat it without those or on an empty stomach often?
depression, 19m havent talked to anyone outside of my family in a year now exept small convos here and there. Like a thank you goodbyr at the store when buying something. I have no job and I just stopped talking to my friends a year ago and withdrew from society more or less. Anyone else here?
depression, A common symptom of depression is loss of motivation for self care. That is me. I can hardly brush my teeth shower nothing. Brushing my teeth is super difficult. I brush them maybe once a month. Yeah horrible I know.  It’s been this way for like 5 years straight. You might be in the same situation. However I still eat and drink of course. I eat sugary foods like chocolate and gummy bears. Sweets and overeating has been a coping mechanism for a while. So I was thinking oh god I’m destroying my teeth and have cavities for sure... Yet I still couldn’t find motivation to brush my teeth. I finally went to the the dentist recently expecting the worst and they said my teeth had zero problems. They’re completely fine. The dentist even said “you’ve got nice strong teeth” Excuse me?? What the HECK!? HOW. I started researching why this could be and I figured out the most likely savior here. I drink tea every single day. Black tea green tea oolong etc. Studies show tea may help prevent cavities by reducing the bacteria and decay-causing acid produced in your mouth. Both green and black tea also contain fluoride that can help ward off tooth decay.I noticed this long before I knew! “may help” hell no it definitely does help. My breath smelled less bad after drinking tea despite not brushing that day? My mouth felt “icky” but once I drank some strong black tea it was gone. If you’re struggling with hygiene but don’t mind incorporating tea into your diet I can’t recommend it enough. Especially with the black tea I noticed the biggest difference.
mentalhealth, Just a little vent because I have no where else to vent so yeah-I still feel pretty shitty. I wish this feeling would go away. I vented on my Instagram Stories purposely so my mom saw (It was about me hating my body and stuff not gonna explain to much here) and she saw it but didnt care and just told me I have to get over it. It really sucked and made me feel like I could scream and cry in front of everyone and no one will care... So I guess Im just gonna have to suffer alone. I been asking her for a therapist for a while now but I dont think we can afford one so I just guess Ill stay like this... For who knows how long. This sucks.
depression, Maybe I should post this in anger but idk so I was talking to a girl from work and we had a lot in common she gave me rides and would come hang out too apparently her bf treats her like shit and and theyre both kinda tired of each other after being together for 2 years always complaining to me about how he doesnt talk to her etc I tried not to comment on it and didnt for the most partWe were texting a lot and interested in the same music and ideas and what not but one day she said shes feeling guilty started ghosting me said shes dead inside and doesnt know how to Express herself when I asked why she was doing that but she stopped responding to my text and coming over after showing interest in me This shit always happens its like humans turn away from other sick people like animals do but she doesnt even follow her bf on Instagram and hes following her also he lives with her doesnt make any sense to me lately Ive been feeling like I want a partner or a relationship ship and hate being alone Ive been wasting my money I spent 100 dollars on poker with my GPA a bunch of bs food I cant afford give people too much gas money etc. Just bc im pissed and ready to give upIve also destroyed my headphones and just cant stop breaking my things like I need a punching bag or something idk maybe I just like hurting myselfI saw she was active on Instagram but ghosted me so I threw my phone at the floor and it broke the second one in a month so anyways I bought a new one and now I myself am a broke 20 year old with no job Im tired of feeling like shit its a vicious cycle
depression, but i cant help but drink. Ive had 1 on average a week. when i usually only have 1 per month if not less
depression, Do you get that feeling of emptiness inside like there is a whole that nothing can fill my life is prefect in anyway and i feel stuck i feel like iam my own worst enemy if i try to do something my thoughts bring me so down if im not doing anything i keep getting these worst flashbacks the worst memories of times i was clueless-like im not all the time- idk why im alive im no good in anything maybe cause I don’t try but since i was a kid when things get tough i run away maybe my depression is a form of running away too but why should i live?I was open about those feelings back there when i was teenager but now it seems like everyone has moved on of that phase but me I can’t say i have friends although i know alot of people but i think a bit weird introvert i just wish i cease to exist im not perfect but i wish i was when im alone I can’t describe it but it feels like my head is eating me sometimes it’s like im blindfolded to do bad shit to agonize myself about wtf is this
depression, Any suggestions? Im a male with body image issues and need to do more about it
depression, im in late puberty and i dont know if there is something wrong with me or if it is just a phase i have to go trough... im a normal male teenager and i have no real problems my family has enough money (not rich but not poor) and im dooing fine in school. i used to play an instrument and have a sport i go to each once a week. in the last two years i stopped doing both and im just at home doing nothing all the time. im very lazy i dont have the energy to do anything more than i need to. i luckily dont have to study a lot for me to get okay grades. most of the time i just feel okay. im very rarely absolutely happy but most of the time im okay. an then theres times like now. its just out of nowhere it does not matter where i am or what im doing. i just get really sad. im starting to cry and think about ending my life. its not like i would actually do that i know that there are a lot of people who would feel really bad then. i also think about how i would be nothing when im finally dead. when you are dead nothing matters to you you dont have to face any problems any pain. this beeing sad and thinking about the worthlessness of my life usually lasts between half an hour and one hour. after having it all cried out i just feel completly empty. this beeing sad and afterwards empty happens maybe twice a week. the rest of the week im doing okay. i  feel ashamed of these sad-empty-moments when im feeling fine.is this normal to go trough? on a side note ive been having a tinnitus for like 4 years now and it starts to get to me more and more. i feel like theres no silence anymore just this fucking noise. i only hear it when its really quiet so thats okay atleast.sorry for my bad english
depression, usually im able to practice guitar at least 6 hours but some days i cant even get out bed. its frustrating at makes me feel guilty because i dont even have a reason to feel that bad. what can i do?
depression, I feel like Im always being attacked from everywhere. The only time people have something to say is when they find something to criticize and judge me about. Im hardly ever happy and when i am people bring me down again. The messed up part about it is that these people are the same ones i pour my heart out to and tell them everything knowing how depressed and sad i feel. People can be so wicked. I feel like i am in constant agitation and always clenching my teeth and have headaches because i get so down. I honestly cant take it anymore. I have no peace. I have nobody.
depression, Slipping backwards and I barely realize it. I fought depression already. I already beat it. I fought self-harm already. I already beat it. I fought anorexia already. I already beat it. Yet now I face a new struggle. This heart clenching brain emptying anxiety and stress. Its causing me to slip. Anorexia used to be a choice from my brain to my body a mental decision to slow my weight to stop it. But I think now it is coming back and this time as my bodys choice for my brain. Food disgusts me it literally makes me nauseous. I dont want to do this again I want to eat and I want to be healthy. But I cant if it physically makes me sick. I just dont know what to do anymore... Im just slipping...
depression, I over think  way too much. It gets me so damn down. I just want to be myself again. I was always alone I should have never let anyone into my life and open myself like that. I cant wait for that j. I just want to smoke up play a game and sleep. I cant get over shit and its been years.
depression, But the idea that I dont look forward to the future is strange to him.Its a day by day thing. Finish this task finish that task sleep its a new day with new things to get done. I dont look forward to things in the long-term I just need to stay alive another day.I broke up with my boyfriend who gave me a lot of reason to go on. Instead of the future being a complete uncertainty I had a person at the end of it that I thought would be with me through thick and thin. I was wrong and it hurts a lot. I mourned for a week and now Im back to my day by day routine.Yet its my depression that drives me. Im so scared of people knowing of people judging me of failing that I work so hard to make everything seem normal. I excel in my classes. I am in every club. Nobody knows but all of these are just distractions.From high school to university to grad school to work--will there ever be a time where I look back and feel satisfied?
depression, Hi guys I wonder does anyone out there feel like they have no interests or hobbies? I struggle to get out of bed every morning and everything seems like a chore even if it is something that should be fun. I feel like I have no attention span I can’t even watch tv programs. I’ve recently started taking anti depressants but I feel like it’s hard to get interested in anything new or to have something to be proud of. I’m not proud of my degree and I’m stuck in service industry working full time and feel like I’ll be there a long time. I’m doing my masters at the moment and I had to get it extended because of a sickness that could be stress induced I don’t know yet. But I feel like i still won’t get a proper job after I finish it. I have all these aspirations and hopes that I’ll become really good at something one day but I don’t know if I’m just too lazy or depressed to put in the work.  All I do is scroll through reddit all day and be miserable that I’m not good at anything is there any way you guys know how to break the cycle or just make it easier because I really don’t feel like I’ve found something that I’m super passionate about that I want to leap out of bed for every morning.
mentalhealth, To anyone else who experiences or has experienced extreme laziness and procrastination as a result of ptsd. What do you do to motivate yourself? I’m nearly 34. I don’t think I’m particularly stupid…but I have never done well at school or with focusing.I struggle feeling safe with other people.I’m teaching myself guitar and I get so frustrated with myself and I just want to give up. But it’s the only thing I have been committed to I guess.But I often give up on everything that requires work. I just feel so worthless and foolish.😢
depression, I’m not even sure why I’m posting nobody can make it better. Over a decade of therapy and psychiatry and I’m no where better. Please just make it stop make it end.
depression, I was diagnosed with depression low self esteem and low self confidence about 5 months ago by my therapist. Its gotten worse since then. Ive lost connections to a bunch of my friends and I feel miserable. Im lonely tired and have to self medicate with marijuana to feel happiness. Im also 16. I havent gone more than 4 days without getting high for the past 3 months. Its become a problem for me. I also recently reconnected with an Ex of mine which was great for a couple days but I asked her on a date recently and shes not into me like that anymore so fuck me. Ive lost a lot of friends in the past year and I feel unmotivated to reach out to them. I feel more like a burden than anything when Im with people. Because of this I put on a happy go lucky persona that I use with everyone I talk to including my therapist who thinks Im getting better. Im afraid to admit that Im not. I mainly just shut myself in my room and watch youtube videos. I used to love to cook write and play games but everything I once loved now seems boring and mundane unless Ive cleared a bowl before doing it. While weed does help it doesnt always make things better. I used to be a star student but last year I failed 2 classes and barely passed any all of my others and this started before I was smoking (though Im sure it didnt help). My parents are severely disappointed in me because of this. They are unaware that I use marijuana and Id like to keep it like that. I also always have a sorta dull headache. I find it hard to sleep at night and normally stay awake until about 3. When I wake up I wake up feeling horrible.  Ive lost over 15lbs in 2 months. I honestly hate what my life has become but I dont feel like I have the energy to do anything about it. It feels good to get this stuff out. I dread the fact that school is starting up in a few weeks and I honestly just want to drop out even though I know that it would be a grave mistake to do so. Not that I would have any control over it I guess. Ive on multiple occasions refused to take any medication for it since my biological mother got addicted to popping pills after my parents divorce. I live with my father and stepmother. While I know my parents only want to help me they often dont know how and I frequently (less so now than I used to) have panic attacks due to them. I really dont want to post this but Im going to anyways since its the only way I can really vent. It makes me feel even worse that I cant vent to people I know since I feel that nobody wants to deal with me or my problems. The only real attachment I have to anything is my dog. I love my dog but hes been getting older and I know he probably only has like 3 years left in him. Poor guy. So yeah thats all Im gonna write for now. I really appreciate you reading this (if anyone makes it this far). So yeah Ive never been good at goodbyes so bye for now I guess.
depression, This pending doom anxious feeling cant go on much longer. Another overreaction to the ER yesterday due to a panic attack has gotten me tired and frail. No matter how much I think I understand panic attacks a new senerio happens ..... Im not a religious person but I would swear someone is messing with me..... Every correction I make in my life  every new drug  every physiatrist apt all just seems for nothing. Im trying to stay optimistic.... I was on effexor for a few years and my anxiety was fairly subtle but my depression was still bad so we tried Wellbutrin and my depression improved but my anxiety has shot straight up so now Im tapering off that to go onto celexa . Im optimistic about celexa .... Everyones chemistry is different so I try not to put to much thought behind this but the people that love celexa seem to be the people I most relate to but I suppose I could find those people for any drug... .  Im still fingers crossed...
depression, I was a pretty alright day for the most part I woke up cleaned my living room washed the dog and kept the puppy from peeing in the floor that was until people started telling me the world news. It upsets me that there is so much hate and anger and nothing looks good ever. Its hard to find good in anything when people only want to look at the bad so how am I supposed to look at the bright side of things and try to be happy when everything is so fucking dark! Im sick of it it makes me angry then just upset and then depressed now I cant even finish chores I just wanna sleep and hopefully never wake up.
depression, Ive been hurt recently.  Im probably (no most likely) in a one-sided love with an awesome someone.  Shes not like any girls today who take about a thousand selfies and stuff.  Shes a genuinely kind person beautiful too.  And her favourite things are video games books and music; including Legend of Zelda Vocaloid etc.  Im a gamer myself but I have given up time just to talk to her and hang out places.  I havent played Ocarina of Time in so long but I gave up EVERYTHING including school work workouts and other games like Dark Souls just to catch up and stay on topic with her.  Well I had a dark past.  This is kind of irrelevant but Ill make it quick.  In elementary I was a total bitch.  In middle school I was bullied for the way I dressed (like a typical middle school emo poser) and now Im anti-social.  I attempted suicide twice.  Now in high school I am just an average looking person but with the anti-social personality.  I dont have but 2 friends guy and crush and that 1 guy friend doesnt even give a damn about me.  I even developed gynophobia due to a rejection last year my first ever.  I even attempted suicide then.  That built up to what I am now.  I cant even talk to girls just this one person.  She recently stopped talking to a lot of people.  But she still talks to me just not often.  It still pains me though.  Ive felt like total garbage since 2 days ago.  And she told me she used to like a guy and that she is over it.  But I really doubt it since I see both of them walking after 1st period.  Every now and then she would bring up his name and say that he did something funny or helped her with something.  Today I was so upset I almost killed myself unintentionally.  I was so sad I wasnt paying attention to my speed on the road and a truck almost hit me.  I know for sure Id die if I didnt quickly snap to normal but somewhere in my mind I felt that I should have let him hit me.  I am crying over a girl yeah its not manly.  Im not manly to begin with.  Im an Asian guy and the one and only in my school.  I dont even have true friends.  I have no one to look up to.  I just really want someone to cheer me up but you know what?  It probably wouldnt help me at all.  Im at my limit.  Im not going to kill myself Im just going to cut off all connections with everyone.  I really feel like complete garbage.
depression, In 2017 I quit school so I could finally get my shit together. And I did. I lost 34 KG started living a healthier life and I was actually feeling pretty awesome for a few months but everything went back to shit when I went back to school. I’m wondering if stress is the reason I’m feeling this horrible. The smallest things stress me the fuck out. I had a burn out at the age of 19 last October. I so had to quit school AGAIN because of it. And now my whole life is a mess.I think I might still have a burn out and I might also have high blood pressure. I had a nosebleed out of nowhere yesterday and experienced dizziness while it happend. My sight has been blurry for about 15 years now but not because of my eyes. Doctors say the problem lies within my brain. But they can’t tell me the exact reason why or how it’ll go away. When I exercise longer then 10 minutes I feel like I’m going to pass out so I gained 14 kg in a small period of time. And when I’m depressed I eat too much sugar or I eat almost nothing so I’m scared I’ll gain even more because I can’t control myself.I feel like I might never get my life back on track ever again. I hate this body so fucking much.
mentalhealth, I think I saw my friends parents after they were murdered before the cops arrived when I was very little like maybe 3 or 4  but Im not sure if it was dream. Small pieces were flashing through for a couple of days but out of nowhere yesterday I saw flashes of a bedroom that was covered in blood and two bodies were laying there. It was up the wallspuddles in carpet all down the hallway. I keep getting flashes of the bodies they had no eyes and my friend baby sibling was sitting between them. I remember my mom telling me not to leave the house and stay with my friend then my grandma walks in with the crying baby wrapped in a towel and my friend keeps repeating they have no eyes. Then the next thing I remember my friend was put in cop car and they drove off. I remember asking my mom if he coming back and thats all. After I saw all of that in my head yesterday I couldnt calm myself. I was shacky short of breath sweating heart racing I couldnt focus on anything. It felt like I was going to fall through the floor. Just thinking about it is making me feel uneasy.Im guessing after that I developed a very strong imagination and started biting my nails and seeing a shadow man which is something I remember always doing but never knew when or why. I dont know what to do.
depression, -wake up-go to school-suffer 7 hours of social awkwardness and being bullied.-come home-eat the same fucking dinner every week making me even more fatter than i already am-parents come in room every 10 seconds are you doing hw???? are you doing hw????-when i actually have time to do something fun such as talk to a friend on Discord/Skype my mom seems to instantly blurt TIME FOR BED GO TAKE A SHOWER IMMEDIATLY even tho im gonna stay up til like 1am anyways.-then i try to go to bed get distracted by phone. stay up til 1am watching retarded videos or something.-let weekend come im not invited to jack shit. I stay at home on my computer.fuck life man ive honestly stopped caring. i cuss at my parents drink/smoke with my very few real friends skip classes and im failing 2 classes. (Cs &amp; Bs in others.)
mentalillness, Im an 18 year old girl with ptsd depression and bpd. I have nothing to live for. I’ve spent this last year doing a very basic art course that had zero requirements to do. I did it so I could build up a portfolio to apply for graphic design in uni. My portfolio is a piece of shit or I should say a collection of many pieces of shit. I doubt I’ll get in. If i dont I am going to kill myself because my life will amount to nothing else. I have no dreams to chase bar being a graphic designer. I live with my mom in a tiny ass village and college is the only way I can get out of here. I have been severely depressed and suicidal and crippled with self loathing and self harming for years like more than half of my life. I did so bad in school out of pure laziness and lack of motivation. All my friends and family are doing stuff with their lives and I am doing nothing. I work a shitty retail job that I hate. Theres three other girls from my village who all got pregnant at like 18/19 and are now stuck here for the rest of their lives being single moms and working the same shitty jobs as me. So I can end up just like them or I can avoid it by killing myself.  I hated school and the only thing that kept me alive was knowing I’d be out of there someday but now I’m out and I want to kill myself even more. The main reason I don’t want to is because my mom would be devastated but I cant keep going on. i cant keep living like this. i want more and I am incapable of giving myself that. I am a fuck up and a mess. I just want it to end my life and my future will only ever be a sad pathetic miserable one. I have no hope. I have no direction. I haven’t felt true happiness in years. So if I don’t get accepted into this course I will swallow every pill and cleaning product in this house and hope it kills me. Its my only other option really if I dont do it now I’ll just do it later on in life 2 5 maybe 10 years later. I dont see myself getting any better. I dont see myself finding love I dont want to have children because I will be a terrible mother and mess them up I can’t get a job that will be any better than the one I have now because I have no qualifications I can barely care for myself.
depression, I have had problems with anxiety since my previous relationship mainly related to relationship anxieties. I met my girlfriend in the summer holidays and we dated until we went to university. Whilst at uni we decided not to do long distance but ended up facetiming every evening for hours on end and basically carried on dating. I was really excited to see her again over the Christmas holidays and then the anxiety kicked up again. I think the long distance had enabled me to not realise it was a relationship until I got home and it hit me and suddenly the fear of making the same mistakes I did in the past relationship hit me. I went to the doctors and was placed on anti-anxiety and anti-depressant medication and for the next week things were great again. But then the emotional numbness kicked in. I felt absolutely nothing for anyone or anything and it really got to me. Any feeling I did feel was just anxiety about the relationship. I want to get therapy about my relationship fears and I didnt feel like I couldnt do that whilst immersed in the fear so I decided to break up with her so I could get help. I also stopped the anti-depressants because the numbness it made me feel caused me to self-harm which Ive never done before. Im so unbelievably sad. I love her shes beautiful and kind and funny and I love spending time with her. I dont at all want to end it with her yet I dont see how I could get help with the anxiety making everything feel like a mountain. I cant go back on it Ive hurt her too much by breaking up with her to say that pain was unnecessary because lets get back together. And we agreed that if one of us broke up with the other then we wouldnt go back on it. I have this real hope that one day when Ive addressed the fears I have that we can reconnect and try again but I know its unfair on both of us to live with that expectation and hope. I have so many regrets and I hate mental illness more that anything. Im so sad that I cant be with her.
depression, Sorry if this is a bit ranty but god I just need to vent how miserable I am somewhere.Every day is bloody hard work. Wake up feeling sick to my stomach of my shit life knowing how much I deserve to be this miserable but wishing I could claw back to normality. Every day alone in my house the only company when my mum comes home from work because I have no friends left. Every second Im alone the pounding headache the tight chest the endless swirling dark thoughts of how I should hurt myself just to find some enjoyment in the pain.But I dont because I dont want to cause any upset so I just imagine being able to slit my wrists in some alternate reality whilst I sit here in my empty shell of a life doing nothing. Maybe I have a future but I dont see it so I may as well just not be here. Im a waste of air. This is supposed to be the start of my life but here I am just wishing it was the end.Fuck me and my stupid fucking choices and fuck being too much of a coward to just do what is necessary.
depression, I posted here a few days ago talking about how worried I was to open up to my guidance councilor.Well we are still at the start. Its going great so far. Apparently unlike I had already thought she was very loving and caring. I am still scared to get to the main topics that have to do with abuse and suicide. I have to wait and see how far we get at the end of this week. Thanks for all the support to go for it. Its been great and Ill let you know how it went.
mentalhealth, I should have started therapy months ago but regardless after my recent break up I was doing good but she wrote me a letter the day she flew across the country. I had to return it unopened because I knew it wouldnt change anything.I ended up binge drinking and started smoking after that. Then drinking too much and missing school and work.I finally decided to start therapy after she accidentally snap chatted me. I didnt want to spin out more.They strongly suggested I seek alcohol treatment and join AA.I think I probably she do it.
depression, I dont really have a reason for being depressed and I dont even know if I technically am depressed. I just dont have friends or hobbies and I just feel shitty all the time. Im always lonely and bored and cant stop thinking about if Im gonna be alone forever. I want to fix it and I do everything I can to help myself but I just cant shake it. How the hell do people deal with real depression?
depression, Wishing that I could redo the past like 12 years. Ive ruined so much of my life in immeasurable ways. Im only 27 but I feel like Ive screwed it up beyond repair. I dont want to talk to my friends about it; I feel as though I do that far too much. Im also afraid that Im discrediting their struggles by talking too much about mine. I hate myself so much. I feel like Im not in enough of a *crisis* to text the Crisis Text Line but......I only get one life and I blew this one already. Im not suicidal but I dont really know what I can do. Its all going to come crashing down eventually.
depression, We are all told that in life everyone is dealt different cards and your success or failure depends on how well you play you hand.But what everyone forgets to mention is of youre dealt shitty cards and you miss the flop its better to cut your losses and fold...
socialanxiety, and im so afraid. back in school i never had a good relationship with my classmates. bc of my social anxiety and lack of social skills everybody thought i was creepy. now its been years since i interacted with somebody other than my family. i think my social anxiety might be even worse than before so i can only expect the worse. im afraid my previous experiences will repeat themselves all over again. afraid everyone will hate and judge me...that ill not make any friends. to make things worse i live in a violent country. i know in some moment while going to college im gonna be robbed and that just terrifies me even more. honestly fuck my mom. its partially bc of her that i am the way i am. she never socialized me properly and now expect i can function like a normal adult.
mentalhealth, Hey so I have this problem where I just think about death and how there is no meaning to life 24/7 can someone please help me I’ve had this for years now
depression, So I am at work (the only place I feel essential) and I was just thinking what if I died? And for the first time in forever (sang this in my head like that song in frozen) I was just like honestly it could be a relief. I fear death although I have had suicidal thoughts before but not knowing what is going to happen afterwards always scared me. Wellp I am feeling rather indifferent about that now. Like it could even be a good thing if something happened and I died. I am so close to knowing for sure I will always feel the way I feel. That it will never get better. I just want to feel better. Maybe there is a drug or a person or experience that will come along and change the way I see things. I am losing that last little bit of hope. Fuck
depression, I feel like I failed. Im trying so hard to be okay. My homework this week for therapy was to do an evaluation on my negative emotions.... I just had to write down that I cut myself after a more severe depressed moment. I feel like crap. But in the moment it helped. Im 23 and my life is wonderful. Only two people even know Im in therapy. I feel like a failure. Even professionals cant stop me.
depression, Last month I was diagnosed with a medical issue that could turn life threatening at any moment. I’ve been really depressed since then and lost almost 20 pounds. I needed to lose some weight but 20lbs is a lot. I’ve had really unusual dreams like getting attacked my a mountain lion falling off of a cliff getting in a car wreck and getting punched in the face. I never had dreams and if I do I don’t remember them. My digestion is all out of whack too. I get really sad and sometimes cry thinking about my dog. I don’t know why. He’s 3 but I always think about him dying one day. I do the same thing with my mom. This time of year has always been difficult for me since I don’t have a lot of family left and I’m single. I’ve talked to my doctor about a few of these things but am afraid to go into anymore detail. I don’t want to be given a label. My doctor wasn’t much help. I was just told to get out more and surround myself with friends. I have like 2 friends so surrounding myself with friends isn’t easy. I’m not sure what to do. I’m not usually a depressed person and don’t know how to handle this. Any suggestions would be helpful. Thank you.
depression, People in real life dont know Im depressed.  I often hear or see them mocking depressed people and its really disheartening.  I usually try to discourage it but its hard to do so without being accused of being depressed.  Just needed to rant about this
depression, When I say movie crying I mean the kind of crying that has the actor or actress laying on the ground clenching their sides and giving great sobs with tears pouring down their face. A long time ago in grade school I thought the only people who cried like this were little kids and people who had a close friend or relative die. I didnt think that this sort of crying could apply to just anyone. In fact there was a time where I would ridicule depressed people. How could anyone be sad?I guess you could say I proved myself wrong. The day I first experienced this movie-type crying was the day my parents announced their divorce. I just felt overcome with sadness.And that sadness oh that sadness. I dont remember it when I was very young but I remember it starting 2nd grade. Why cant it just... Go away?This is more of a rant than anything. I just needed to put something out there. I just feel horrible.
depression, Hi everyone! This is a throwaway since I dont like to talk about my personal life on my main account.So as the title suggests I do online schooling and I have for the past 3 years. Im a sophomore in high school and was diagnosed with depression last year and bipolar disorder this march (my mom is bipolar too). My school is pretty much do it whenever you want just do 5 hours before midnight like thats the only requirement. But I think its actually making my depression worse :/ I can sleep all day not shower or change clothes and still do it. Its weirdly demotivating. Like with public school you have to get up early in the morning change clothes do your hair get on a bus etc. But with online school you dont have to anything but login. I can literally stay in my room and not do anything for days and it makes no difference.Plus I have no friends or family irl except for my mom so Im pretty isolated...Anyways Im rambling. Anyone else do online school? Is public school better? Any advice or opinions? :)
mentalhealth, Washing hands- wrists cant get wet unless i specifically am trying to wash them as well hands have to be 100% dry cant use air dryers have to use paper towels EXTREMELY overwhelmed by noises- chewing tapping too much talking talking too loud. Sometimes sounds will seem 10x louder than they actually are and i will literally feel like im about to scream or burst into tearsTouch- “chicken wing” if something is touching my armpit/ arms a certain way face cant be touched AT ALL if i have any makeup whatsoever on (immediately overwhelmed and react very strongly) constantly feel like my nails aren’t clean enough and always digging under them or rubbing them on my other fingers to separate my nail from my skin will literally make the inside of my mouth bleed and bite through my gums if i feel like the gum skin is “uneven”Brain- I literally feel like i am losing memories everyday and i have no clear space in my head. Constant thoughts all at the same time about LITERALLY EVERYTHING AND WHERE THE FUCK IS THAT MUSIC COMING FROM and why is it “we are young” by Fun 90% of the time. Have super weird/ violent fantasies about hurting people that have hurt me or humiliated me (but i would never carry anything out bc i get overwhelmed even confronting someone) or vividly imagining how i would kill myself but i don’t really feel like I’m depressed (again i would not feel like i am physically capable of doing that) literally feeling like im going to explode unless i say what I’m thinking sometimes like my body physically tenses up and hurtsI get home from work and immediately feel like i have to get in bed and burrito roll even with work clothes still on when i have to do something that makes me feel the slightest bit awkward i have to blow hout air really hard or grit my teeth and flail my arms a little to “release the awkward”. There are probably more but this was just what i could think of lol. My ADHD meds help with none of it 🫠
depression, I don’t want to exist anymore at all
depression, I’m a 21 one year old man In the forthworth area single and living with 2 friends who I love and deeply appreciate but idk what to do with my life I just know I’m not happy working a crappy fast food job and barley paying my bills (late every month) I could say covid 19 fucked me over but I got fired for smoking weed a month before my other Coworkers got laid off (oil field) now I’m tired of struggling I want a career and a girlfriend but mainly just want to be happy so yeah
mentalhealth, I dont know why this is.
depression, I just moved to Boston for college. I dont want to self diagnose or anything but Ive been having feelings of depression for a while now and Ive never gotten to truly vent about it to anyone. Not my friends because they would only ridicule me or just not care. I cant tell my family because they wouldnt understand. My mother always tells me to just shrug it off and be a man and my father doesnt want to see me anymore because of his new family so he just does not give a shit. For a while I thought she was right. I have no reason for being sad I thought but as the years went on it got worse and worse. My friends slowly stopped hanging out with me because I felt no need to go out because I felt unwanted and awkward. I have trouble talking to new people and I would be humiliated about it in front of people by others. I eventually turned to others things to cope. I picked up weed and other various drugs to forget about everything. I tried to do other things but I have no motivation to go through with it. Everything feels so pointless.Now that Im in college I met a girl. I felt like she was different than everyone else (Yeah typical teen angst filled shit I know but bear with me.) Shes roommates with my other friends back in my hometown. I talk to her for a few days and I can talk to her forever about anything. We had so much in common from our fucked situations back home to just general interests. Shes intelligent beautiful and all that other bullshit. So we hooked up for two nights. During those nights sleeping with her and talking to her in the middle of the night for hours on end made me feel genuine happiness. That someone actually understood me and wouldnt look down on me. For the first time in a while my friends actually praised me for fucking her but it didnt matter to me. All that mattered is that I now have her and someone to talk too when no one was around. But just last night she told me she didnt want a relationship or anything and to stay friends. It hurt yeah but this time it really fucked with my head. For as long as I could remember I was never good enough for any girl. They would only either talk to me just because theyre bored or would only want to hook up. Now I understand casually hooking up and all that but before we did it the first time I told her how I felt about her and I dont want to ruin anything with her because I can *actually* talk to her. Not some small talk bullshit just to fill the air. I tried convincing her but she wouldnt budge. I tried telling some of my friends but all they can offer me is empty advice because they dont give a shit about how Im feeling. So I just do what Ive been doing through all these years. I hold it inside.The combination of losing someone I connected with and all the years of shit really made me go over the edge. I cried. I havent cried in a while. It wasnt even about her it was about everything. Feeling like Im a bother to everyone to awkward to make new friends not good enough for the ones I have now not good enough for her just everything. I cant go over to the one place where I can have social interaction because shes there and she wont even talk to me now or look at me. Im alone in Boston now miles away from my family who can give me at least some comfort. Im hesitant to call because I dont want to seem weak. But shit Im going crazy thinking about everything and just being trapped in this room with my thoughts.Im sorry for the long bitchy post. I just wanted to vent in some shape or form. Ive lurked on here for a year now and Ive went to this subreddit whenever I felt hopeless and was glad to find others who have the same feeling as I do. I just want advice or someone to share a similar experience and tell me how they got through it. Or is it because Im just an angsty teenager? I dont know. I just want reassurance.
depression, Okay ya know what I’m not dealing with this anymore.How can I always be in the wrong? How can I always lose? Statistically I gotta win sometime right?Man set back after set back. And it’s always the same thing. No one cares and no one believes me.This life has sucked so much. And I’m tried of being laughed at or made fun of.I have found joys in belittling myself now. My whole life is a joke.I should change I should just try to ruin as many people life’s as I can.  Not hurt people you idiots just cause them mild frustration. I wake everyday knowing I’m nothing. I could have a billion dollars and still would hate existing I just wouldn’t be so bored while I had mental anguish.I’m only writing this cuz my last effort for help was destroyed and well if I talk anywhere else about it. I’m breaking some  rule. Man I suck.I’ll never be anything.
depression, I just left my job and wont be able to get another until at least next year. I have a couple of paychecks saved up. My parents pay for my food and such basic necessities but they cant afford anything else. My depression comes and goes; I usually spend a few days almost perfectly functional then a few days of awful agony then a few days of apathy then repeat. I could spend all the money I have on three or so months of therapy but then I wouldnt have anything left to buy books or go to a festival Id really like to go to. (Perhaps worth mentioning that the last festival I went to coincided with my apathy period and I was completely unable to enjoy it.) Do you guys think such a short treatment would help at all? Its been pretty tough.
depression, Within the last month I lost my home my job and found a lump that has to be tested for cancer. My partner refuses to say more on the lump than “we don’t know what it is and it’s probably nothing”. Cancer runs in my family and no one has survived it yet. I don’t have anyone else to tell or confide in about how hard it is to bother getting up these days. It feels like the world is simply saying it’s time to wrap up.
socialanxiety, Today I (19F) went to the post office to get a passport photo done and I needed specific dimensions which I was trying to tell the lady. She was rude and abrupt and wouldnt look at the photo to clarify what I was trying to tell her (which obviously wasnt getting through) she just kept on saying that they didnt do those specific dimensions that Id asked for. I told her I would call my parents to double check. I went outside and called them and after that I just started sobbing. I have no idea why Im like this. I cant do anything without my parents.
mentalhealth, Im diagnosed with major depression and I suspect anxiety is also a factor. I dont have a good image of myself to begin with but lately Ive been feeling like everyone I know is upset with me in some way and no amount of reassurance/positive self talk can shake that feeling.I tend to overanalyze situations and lately have been taking hypothetical scenarios figuring out what the worst outcome of that scenario would be and then fixating on that outcome like Im 100% convinced thats how things are going to turn out.Does anyone else have experience with this? How do I stop it?
depression, Got a new job but I’m still not satisfied with it. I’m hurt somewhere idk what but I can feel depression coming like a horror movie.
depression, I wish it were easier.
depression, Hi. I am 21. Im suffering from depression since 6 years. And I feel like I will never get out of it. I dont feel energetic or enthusiastic. I dont even feel energetic to do the daily chores. I bath once in a week.Can someone who has overcome depression tell me their experience? How do I get the energy to study or at least to do the daily chores? Please share your experience even if you havent overcome depression but feel like youre progressing. Thanks.
mentalhealth, I got from 0 to 100 frequently sometimes multiple times a day! I have a crazy amount of anxiety and paranoia I’m failing at life and everyone hates me or wants to hurt me. Yesterday I was in class and they guys laughed behind me and then I started feeling a sensation that felt like bugs crawling all over my back and freaked out ripped off my jacket causing a commotion and spent the rest of the class paranoid twitching and scratching and moving around in my seat to try and crush these bugs against the back of the seat. I’m paranoid people hate me but I am invited to social events from parties to chill hang outs but I freak out and end up letting my anxiety control me and I end up coming with irrational thoughts of why these people would invite me over just to harm me physically or mentally. My psychiatrist who is a pro and has 20+ years of experience and has been seeing me for 4-5 years has diagnosed me with bipolar disorder but wouldn’t specify what type. She upped my dose of Lamotrogine from 200 to 400mg and I’m worried I’ll freak out. I spent the past week except for Wednesday freaking out wanting to kill myself but on Wednesday I felt on top of the world!!! I could have robbed a bank seduced anyone and could have been God if that was possible. But my moods shift rapidly day to day and Idk what’s wrong with me? Anyone suffer from the same thing?? Please help me thank you!!!
depression, So for the past 7/8 months I have had daily thoughts of suicide. I have tried several times. I havent had any medical help since March because my prescription ran out and I didnt want to commit to getting better as I didnt think I deserved it.Today - no idea why but something has changed. I have just come out of a 12hour shift - with only 3 hours sleep last night and I found out my kind-of partner kind-of not lost his job today BUT I feel alive - and Im glad. The night is cold and Im shivering but the streets are busy and there is music and dancing - Im sat watching just sat on a bollard. Tonight - in this city that feels so alive and vibrant I feel good.:)Hope the feeling lasts.
depression, Hi there thought that I should share my story. It goes like this: I recently found someone online and I met her through a friend for the purpose of the story Ill call my now-Ex Jane. I met Jane through a friend and we sorta got along as in terms of friendship. After a few months SHE asked me out. Thats right folks a girl asked me out because I dont have the hackey-sack to ask a girl out. Everything was going swell for four months however theres one issue: I live in Ohio Jane lives in Quebec City. At this point in time Ive already told my parents about this and they have surprisingly become acceptant of this. However Janes parents have no clue of our relationship. I suggested that she tell her parents and well after a few weeks later she did. It does not end well. Her mother says she cannot date until the age of EIGHTEEN. EIGHTEEN; you did not mis-read anything. So she basically tells me that its over and nothing couldve worked out. So there you have it. My only and last chance that Ill ever find love is flushed down the toilet. TL;DR: TIFU by suggesting my now-Ex Girlfriend to tell her overprotective mother of our long-distance relationship.
depression, Im sorry if you are looking for post that Is all about how my life is falling apart this isnt it.I have been a student with medium to high functioning depression since middle School. Im Im high school now in my second year. Last year (2015-2016) was my worst year. I went to a new school with no friends and hit (for me) my lowest point in life. I stood on my table last year trying to find a place for the rope on my fan. This year I switched schools (to one my friends go to) and I am doing so much better. I have a solid group of 15ish friends and we socialize outside of classes regularly. I have gotten all As and 1 B and I can get my GPA to the required amount for my dream school with in reasonable effort. Things get better.
depression, When will it stop? When will I get better? It feels as if there’s no point to anything. Nothing makes me happy anymore. I just want to get back to how I was before this. I just want someone to love. It feels like no one understands.
depression, When I happen to look at a womens breasts I dont immediately think of them in a sexual light. I think to myself They look warm comfortable safe. This may be hard to believe but its true. I often find myself dreaming of my crush holding me close to her chest enough that I can even hear her heart beating. I think of this and immediately get sad. I get sad because I feel as if Im not worthy for such comfort or intimacy and that is something I will never attain. I doubt my crush even likes me. However this is something I often dream and think about so I feel like in order for me to let go of these non-realities I have to get this off of my chest
depression, my header is just my current moodthis kinda leak is unfixable though.sometimes my happiness is bearable some days it’s like today. &amp; by today i mean when you just lay in bed for hours restless because your thoughts take over. the worst part is being so sad to the extent where tears aren’t even your friend.
depression, Not sure what to do about this. As I have posted here before I met a special someone 3 weeks ago. She ticked ALL the boxes. That has never happened to me before. I felt a connection with her that I had not felt in 15 years (I am 37). I was happy as phuck. Sadly I could not keep her. My insecurity oozed out of me in particular at our last date one week ago today. We were together getting ready to get intimate and I choked could not perform. I felt too much pressure. She was ok with that but what ensued was a lesson in meltdowns. I felt sick panicked and the dont say stupid things part of my mind must have been on vacation because the rest of the night was me saying just absolute rubbish. I was even more nervous after that. It has been one week since I last heard from her. Just as fast as she entered my life she left. I totally understand her point of view I totally blew it and came off as someone without a modicum of confidence or self-esteem. She has not responded to any of my advances which makes me sad. Oh well. Maybe I am just destined to be alone forever. I am 37 and it is just getting more and more difficult to connect with people.
depression, sorry if this type of thing has been asked before.but yeah its almost like you can physically feel your depression. and while its constant the sensation doesnt hurt for me. it just feels kind of heavy/sinking.i tried googling this but nothing relevant came up...
depression, I am so tired of being tired and lonely every day. I hate it. I dont know what else to do though. I dont know what I do wrong. I live a life many would kill for. I am moderately popular I play football I have had girlfriends in the past I have lots of friends Im not *that* bad looking. I know that I am not freak material. Yet I am so depressed. Daily I think about just ending it all. Leaving everyone in just absolute awe of being blindsided by this.I am so lonely. I just want someone to love that loves me back. I know I cant handle myself by myself for much longer. I need someone. Just something.
depression, I use to cut multiple times a week. But now i only cut once or twice. Depression has now taken one of the only things that made me feel
depression, Regardless of the medication I take my mind is always like a tornado out of control. Even if I try my best to control my thoughts I just cant. I end up thinking of things I dont want to think about. And when that happens I cant help but feel when these uncontrollable thoughts happen theyll become a reality.This leads to arguments I have with myself. When Im alone I self harm from cutting to hitting my head in an attempt to just get these ridiculous thoughts and implications and whatnot to stop. I have entire arguments and conversations with myself all the time to convince myself that something isnt real and isnt going to happen or to convince myself not to do something or even to avoid changing myself. Sometimes my thoughts want me to change and it takes a long battle to fight that change off.Does anyone else have these problems? Ive had these issues for many many years. I dont even remember when I first got them but theyve been plaguing my life for years now making it even more difficult to focus on tasks. What can I do?
mentalhealth, Hello I don’t know if this is the right subreddit to post this but I’m worried about my boyfriend. He’s been having imaginary conversations that he thinks are real.We’ve been together for a little over three years and up until recently we were able to talk for hours; there would rarely be a silent moment between us. But now I have been noticing periods where we will be sitting together and he will be silent and unresponsive unless I shake his arm. He won’t have heard anything I said and he would tell me that he thought he was talking to me.I’ve been diagnosed with maladaptive daydreaming (as well as generalised anxiety disorder dysthymia and autism spectrum disorder) so I can understand confusing daydreaming with reality but this seems to only affect his conversations with others especially with me. I will ask him what he thought we were talking about and he either forgets how his imaginary conversation went or he will say that we were speaking about something that we weren’t talking about but he will have thought we were actually having this conversation out loud. His memory seems to be affected negatively as well lately.My boyfriend insists his mental health is fine though. I ask him how he is and his response is usually a one-worded answer such as “fine” “okay” “bored” or “hungry”. I think he’s been stressed out from sixth form though even though he doesn’t like to talk about it. He was recently diagnosed with an underactive thyroid could this be a reason why he’s been having imaginary conversations that he thinks are real?Any help would be greatly appreciated I don’t know if I’m overreacting but I’m really worried about him. He’s not talking as much to anyone anymore his short-term and long-term memory seems to be deteriorating and he’s having conversations that aren’t real. He doesn’t think he needs help and he’d be reluctant to get help even if he did think he needed help. I’d just like to know how I personally can help him if there’s any disorder I should be worried about and how to push him to get help.
mentalhealth, This morning I started overthinking abt something (I’m not gonna say because it might be triggering) but I couldn’t take my mind of it even though I was scared out my mind and wanted to stop the thoughts was just there I tried holding myself tight that kinda help but then after 15mins I told my sister then brushed it off…it didn’t go away I started shaking like when shivering when cold but I wasn’t cold I couldn’t stop even though I badly want to I was so scared I couldn’t even cry it was even hard for me to walk and the thoughts was still there it started around 6:30am and ended at 8:00am I think I might have BPD and that could’ve been an episode but I had other episodes that was nothing like that maybe it was an a bad anxiety attack? Can someone pls help me I’m really scared I don’t wanna talk to my family about it and don’t want it happen again.
mentalhealth, Hi. I feel as if im extremely sensitive to atmospheres and I avoid certain things that remind me of bad times. For instance i will not use shampoo I used while going through an extremely difficult time in my life. I cant listen to songs I use to listen to when I was using them to cope at the time. Ill avoid certain places aswell. Im a bit confused if this is a sign of CPTSD because these arent things directly related to bad events that happened to me rather they are the things that were around me when I was having an emotional response to those things.
mentalhealth, Hello. To set things off Im 21F and Im gratefully employed but earning minimum wage. I live alone hundreds of miles away from anyone who cares about me and things are hard. I flunked out of university twice and now Im just trying to stick to my poorly paid job just to survive. My feelings tend to repeat themselves in a cycle. I have BPD most likely my psychiatrist thinks so that could be partly to blame. I just hate how one minute Im coping and in the span of a few hours Ive disintegrated into a hole my own thoughts have dug for me. I feel like Ive failed to live up to what I could have been. I couldve tried harder in school and maybe gotten into a better university but I still dont think I wouldve stuck it out no matter if I went to an elite institution or if I went to any old uni. I just tried to get through my last years of school without offing myself and maybe if several circumstances hadnt happened maybe things would have worked out differently - I dont know. I know I cant change the past but Im so filled with regret that I didnt push harder - that people in my classes got higher grades than me and my teachers rubbed that in my face. That they were disappointed in me. Im disappointed in me. Its hard when you were always told you were the golden child; you were always top of the class people told you would accomplish great things yet I work a minimum wage job which is my only career path atm at 21. Theres no shame working minimum wage yet I feel ashamed. I shouldnt compare but I do and others I know have already graduated by now with fulfilling careers as nurses doctors writers journalists etc. Im in customer fucking service. How do you reconcile with the dissonance between what child you wished you would become and what you actually are? Is it ever too late to become that person? Is it okay to try and just keep your head afloat until you gather enough strength to swim? Thanks for reading and I hope you have a good day today.
depression, I’m so sick of peopleEverything I do and say is wrongOnline or offline everyone is against meI don’t know what to do.Either everyone is picking on me and conspiring against me…or I’m defensive and paranoid...
depression, In real life this isnt so much of an issue for me. Ive never liked talking to people and I dont have very many friends so I kind of expect not really having anyone to talk to. My real issue is going to sound so fucking sad so please bear with me.Ive had twitter for about 3 years now and over that time Ive made friends with loads of people. I have more in common with them than anyone I know in real life and I really enjoy talking to them. But im not good at it. Im terrible at talking and making conversation even on the internet and I am very conscious about doing it never wanting to seem too keen. All of them have one or two very strong friendships between each other they talk outside of twitter very regularly and have even met in real life. I dont have any friendship like this and it makes me feel like im shit. It also makes me feel excluded from this community like im an outsider desperately trying to fit in even after 3 years.This sounds stupid and pointless but its important to me.tl;dr: everyone has close internet friends except me
depression, I am not really sure where to begin. I havent left my house in about a week. I havent had a reason to leave yet. I wish I had a reason to leave but I cant find one. I wish I could call a friend and ask to hang out. I think I used to have friends Im not sure what happened to them. I think I drove them away because Im too clingy. Nobody really wants to hang out with me anymore. I cant really function in a normal social setting anyways. Ive always had problems communicating with people I dont know well so its hard for me to find new friends.    I like to drive people away. Surprisingly Im currently in a relationship. A failing one. Me and her have been together for almost two years now. Its been exactly a year and 9 months. She has been gone for a while. For two months out of the summer she is gone to live with her dad. Right before she left she found messages on my phone talking to a girl I met once. I said some things to her that could easily have been taken the wrong way. Im really surprised that we havent split up by now. Ive been trying to fix things with her ever since she has been gone but I dont think its going to work out. I cant express my feelings to anyone especially her. She makes me feel like shit all the time and Im the worst person in the world. I think most of the time I deserve it because I hurt her. I never meant to. Im just a huge fuck up. Me and her always argue and fight. I can never feel like I can tell her anything. I always feel like its going to come back to me and start an argument. To be honest Im bored with her. I fell in love with her. That part was fun but now that Im already in love this is boring as shit. I want to feel whats its like to fall in love again. I havent had that feeling in a long time. About a week ago (the last time I left my house actually) as I was in the McDonalds drive-through the girl who handed me my bag smiled at me. She told me to have a nice day and made eye contact with me and smiled at me. She looked about my age. She wasnt even that pretty to be honest. That made me really happy. Someone finally gave me attention. I feel guilty for wanting that. I dont want to be one of those people that are always begging for attention. Everyone needs some every now-and-then right? I hope so. Despite my feelings of complete loneliness and depression Im not really having the suicidal thoughts I used to. I know youre not really supposed to talk about that on this sub but I just want to say that Im not really feeling that anymore. I feel like anything can get better. But still that doesnt mean that I dont feel like complete total shit now. I think Im done talking for now. Hope this helps.
depression, Im fairly confident Im depressed. Would a regular doctor be able to diagnose me or a therapist? Ive been meaning to look for therapy for a number of reasons.I guess my question is who should I go to to get diagnosed and potentially medicated if its necessary?
depression, No one person owes me any part of themselves and I wouldnt want it out of pity if they did.  Rejection can be dealt with but not an unlimited amount of times.  No one rejection is anything tragic its the countless accumulation.  The people who reject us most intimately are the least appropriate to talk to about our sadness because they did nothing wrong Im entitled to nothing from them and I wouldnt want even the hint of abused responsibility.  But it does leave a small mark.  And I dont know how much more I can take.  Its funny how they always ask why people dont like me before they tell me they dont like me.  While I answer the best I can the truth is I still dont know the reason.
depression, My new years resulotion has been to stop smoking weed from sunday to thursday work out every second day and start listening and learning in school. I thought to myself no way I can do that but guess what? Ive done it so far and I already feel better than I usually do! :) Just wanted to be happy somewhere really proud of myself for once! Sending happy thoughts to those who need them :)
depression, Holidays like today I’m surrounded by no one I’m all alone At lease I have my pc
mentalhealth, I know it’s good for me but the idea of going to a gym or dropping and doing push ups etc just makes me shiver. Sort of like why would I need so much exercise if I’m already thin and light. I walk my dog twice a day isn’t that enough? .Looking at friends who worked out and posting on their stories of them lifting weights just makes me have a disgusted face but also me feeling like shit. People have tried to encourage me (more accurately tell nag or order me) to got to the gym or do martial arts it just doesn’t sit right. I can’t bring myself to do martial arts because the idea of punching and kicking even a punching bag just makes me feel guilty as if I’m hurting someone. I’ve thought about doing sports but what if everyone at the court etc doesn’t want to play with me or I can’t join because I’m not good enough. Recently my family have had enough and told my cousin to be my personal trainer and that I’m to do kickboxing the worst of both worlds.
mentalillness, I (F21) am in a very healthy relationship with my partner but I dont mesh well with his housemates.I feel like they dont want me around and they werent even saying hello when I came over. I didnt interact with them much but I just felt horrible whenever Id go there and always worried about running into them in the hallway or something- so Ive stopped going over to my partners house.His housemates all drink and do drugs - i dont have any issues with alcohol or drug use at all. I grew up with an alcoholic mum and was exposed to a lot of that stuff in my teens but I never felt avoidant or traumatised from it. However now whenever my partner mentions his housemates will be having a gatho or even if I see weed in their house I go into a horrific panic attack cant breathe and wont talk for hours after. I have not had this issue in any other scenario and Im comfortable partaking in these activities as well (ill do it once a blue moon but for them its multiple times a week) but when it comes to hearing my partner and his friends do it/see it i feel awful.I recognise this is hypocritical of me and I feel horrible - I am not asking for anyone to say how I feel is okay. I want to know how to stop that feeling and panic that I get just from even smelling it in that house when im totally fine at a club or bar for eg
depression, I experienced heartbreak nearly a year ago and have steadily slid down into depression. I thought it would get better overtime but its changing me and making me bitter.I have joined a number of meetup groups in the past year (hiking/camping indoor rock climbing dancing meditation) to take my mind off things and forced myself to do stuff I wouldnt have easily done before (am gifted with social anxiety too). While I appreciate the social impact of these activities Im feeling more isolated than ever.
depression, I dont know if its sadness or trauma or something else. I have been struggling with things I have been hearing at home parents fighting unfaithful friends college life and placements. I am struggling since a few years I normally use to drown myself in loud EDM music and set myself back up tried hurting myself tried burning my hands in boiling water but now I am not able to broken lost all past friends struggle to talk afraid of people being offended dont have enough money to go to a psychologist.
mentalhealth, I have hit rock bottom. I’m in my first year of High school Everything has gone wrong. I used to be at the top used to be the best basketball player in my city had the girl I wanted for so long had so many great friends. Then in this past year I lost all of it the girl I was once with  and all her friends treat me like a absolute loser and all my friends who used to always call me and wanted to hang out never want to anymore. No one messages me no one takes me serious anymore. I am still good at basketball but I’ve definitely lost a step lost motivation lost my cardio lost that drive I feel like a total loser. I can feel a fire burning deep inside me I just need help getting it out. I used to be a very very hard worker and a I know it’s still inside me. Any advice guys? I would really appreciate it. I will update this every time something major happens. Thanks everyone.
mentalhealth, About a month ago I realized that I dissociate a lot so I started doing what I could to stop. I also started trying to stop my emotional numbness. I succeeded and I’m super happy about it! However I decided to continue trying to improve my mental health and decided to try and start remembering my childhood (I’m 18 and in college). I realized that my memories feel locked away in little boxes in my brain. I typically could only access one at a time and they were mostly based off what situation I was currently in. For example when I’m at school I can access my school memories and when I’m at work I can access my work memories. I currently know of at least 6 “boxes” of memories. I decided to start trying to access the memories in the box from my childhood. After listening to childhood tv show music I started remembering way more than I was reasonably able to handle. It’s been about a week and I feel like all of the boxes (that I currently know about) are open. I have conflicting opinions dreams and goals. My brain feels like it’s constantly fighting itself. I realized why I blocked it all out. It’s just SO MUCH. I wasn’t reasonably able to deal with all of this at once.I couldn’t even access the bad memories and I’m still this confused. Does anyone have similar experiences of sorting memories out and hiding them like this? Does it get better? I want to get therapy but I have to wait until January 1st cause of insurance changes.
depression, A while ago my BF told me hes been suffering from probably depression.  Obviously neither of us are doctors but the symptoms he describes sound exactly how people describe their depression.He started therapy a couple months ago.  Hes been to 2 therapists (hes happy with the current one) and they both seem to think nah youre not depressed.  But were both somewhat cynical and think well... they have an interest in dissuading or not mentioning medical/prescription options...Obviously I dont want him to be medicated if he doesnt need to be and I assumed treatment would include both...  Are we just being too cynical?Thanks
depression, It used to be every single night. I used to avoid sleep like my life depended on it. I would still get flashbacks when I was awake. A year ago they got so bad I had to go to the hospital.I thought I was getting better. But they still happen... just once every week or two now.But now when they happen I just go numb. I used to be able to confront them and be able to heal. But now its like it doesnt even matter. I want them to stop but I dont know how to make them go away.When I was little I couldnt function because I was totally preoccupied with disturbing and terrifying images in my mind. It was like living in a horror movie. Thoughts about getting raped or tortured by demons or other people I knew. Scenes of it happening to someone else whenever I looked at them...Im a little better now. But not enough. Im scared that Ill never overcome them and be okay.Its like being haunted. I feel like my soul is full of poison and I dont want to talk to anyone because I feel like I take a tiny piece of Hell with me wherever I go.I thought Id be okay. Most days are fine. But then it happens again and I remember Im still trapped.I just want them to stop. I want peace.
mentalhealth, I was recently discharged from a mental hospital and one of my new diagnoses was just labeled as Cluster B Im aware thats a series of 4 personality disorders and Ive suspected I may have BPD for a while now. what does the diagnosis Cluster B mean? I have one they dont know which I have them all? someone please help.
mentalhealth, Currently saving my sanity with fast food. Would like to find a better coping mechanism. Thank you. Edit: Don’t know if it’s a bug on mobile but it says it was pinned. I didn’t mean to.
depression, I dont feel like a lot of the responses to the posts on this subreddit are entirely productive or even helpful. I get the need for venting but honestly this subreddit doesnt seem as much as an uplifting community as it seems as people just being negative all the time and not looking for help but to just vent. That is all fine if thats the purpose of this Reddit but I thought it would have more tips and people helping people be positive. We only seen to help those that say Ok if someone doesnt say something nice Im for sure gonna shoot my brains out. Which needs attention but when its the only thing we say positive things to and all others the reactions to any other post is lol same. It doesnt seem so helpful and drags me down personally. Does anyone else feel this way or is it just me and should I just leave and cut my losses?
depression, I dont care anymore. If my life was to end right this instant I would wordlessly accept it. Thankful that Ive realized this before I become an adult and not when Im 35 and still fucking miserable.
mentalhealth, Thats the whole query. Will going to a therapist affect my hireability? Thank you in advance.
mentalhealth, I was very angry today at what I have to deal with in life. And even angrier for having depression and attention problems. Recently I’ve been wondering what’s the point I’ve lost energy my room is a disaster. I tried to cut myself but the blades weren’t sharp enough. So I punched my wall to feel some kind of pain and to also let out my anger.I sound suicidal but I’ve already tried that a few months ago and I won’t try it again. I’m just tired of living I want to move away to somewhere peaceful someplace where I don’t have to work to live.
depression, How the hell do you answer the dreaded so what do you do? question?Ive only recently started to go out properly since hospitalisation and never know what to say. Its so embarrassing I cant exactly just say that Im just learning to get up and dressed let alone work!
depression, I mean I would think they would have to do something.  What I’m asking thought is if it’s just the thought of taking something to make you feel better that makes you feel good or does it actually do something?Excuse the does I type faster then I think.
socialanxiety, Depressed and down particularly because I messed up a public speaking event at work. It started well but it just seemed like the walls started to close in when I started speaking. At one point its like my voice stopped working. I actually think I saved it towards the end but now I have to show my face in front of all these people every day theres the guy who embarrassed himself in front of everyone. How do I stop this nonsense? I was prepared for it and wansnt even that nervous beforehand. Im guessing practice? Is it even that big of a deal? Sorry for rambling just trying to get it all out.
depression, I am a senior in high school and with college coming up I have never felt more hopeless in my life.I seem to be completely incapable of understanding the basic necessities of growing up. I dont understand the first thing about finance I rely on the help of family whenever I have to fill out any kind of application and I cant even drive anywhere outside of my home town without relying on a GPS. There are so many situations where I have to do something that appears extremely simple to most people and I am left wandering around asking people for help. Its like there was a secret class that covers a billion little miscellaneous subjects and I was the only person in existence who missed it.I am having difficulties in growing up socially as well. I grew up having to deal with multiple alcoholic family members and it has completely destroyed any interest I wouldve had in drinking. I know that this wont necessarily *cripple* my ability to have a social life but there is no way it wont put a giant invisible social obstacle between me and my friends who will undoubtedly revolve most of their social activities around drinking. My idea of fun is basically doing youthful things like mini golf laser tag etc. and the only time I can get people to do that kind of stuff with me is when they want to do it ironically. 99% of the time though they want to do things like get dressed up and go out to eat at expensive restaurants or just sit around and socialize in a back yard or something that just sounds extremely boring.And of course one of my worst problems is relationships and sex. In my early teens I was always in a relationship. However I was fairly young and never got to experience what a real mature relationship is like. After age 15 having only kissed one girl in my life (these were just little pecks that were barely worthy as some kind of romantic milestone for me) I just stopped trying entirely with women because I was just not that interested anymore in having a relationship. Now I am graduating high school at an age where even *virgins* are a rarity and I have almost no experience with women. I do not feel deprived at all because I enjoy my single life but I am sure that at some point this will change and it is going to be extremely hard to find a woman who is either willing to deal with my late-blooming romantic development or a woman who is as inexperienced as me.With all of these problems becoming gradually more relevant to my life as I grow older I have become increasingly more depressed because I feel like I will completely be disconnected and hopeless.
mentalhealth, Ive been really confused these last few months because I dont know which gender Im sexually attracted to since I was a kid Ive always had a crush on girls but since I was 13 I started to be afraid that people would think I was gay because of the way I walk or speak and slowly I began to question myself if I was really gay at the age of 16 I began to suffer from what I consider to be false attraction whenever I look at a muscular handsome or shirtless man I have intrusive thoughts and impulses of want to touch or kiss this mans body and it bothers me a lot but I dont know if it bothers me because I dont like it or if what bothers me is the fact that I like it and Im in denial I like to fantasize about women but why For some reason the intrusive sexual thoughts towards men feel more like sexual attraction than the purposeful thoughts I have towards women I feel like I am forcing sexual attraction towards women and attraction towards men feels natural I never wanted to kiss or have sex with a man but these thoughts confuse me and i feel like im lying to myself who am i?to make it clear I suffer from so-ocd
depression, Hi Im a 22-year-old guy I graduated from college in December and fell into an amazing job. My boss is super good to me my employees are great and the pay is pretty decent considering my age. For this job I had to move to central Florida Ive lived the majority of my life in Pennsylvania and my family live in South Carolina so Ive started to feel really isolated. A couple of weeks into this job my fiance (who is still in school) decided to leave me for her own mental health which was a giant shock to me because we were happily together for almost 8 years. Now that my life has drastically changed I feel isolated still heartbroken lost my direction in life and I think my once very mild depression is starting to take a larger hold of me. Im trying my best to combat it; trying to make friends talk to my family get out and do things; but it seems like this stuff is starting to drain me. Im worried Im starting to slip at work and at home. Im trying my all to keep it together and make myself happy but it seems like I make a step forward and then take a step back.I just felt like I needed to tell someone my situation from maybe a different perspective. If any of you have suggestions for me especially in making friends self-love and staying motivated.
socialanxiety, I never really was good at motivating myself to memorize things I do not find interesting. Simultaneously I am pretty good at remembering things quickly. So studying was never an issues for me. When school got harder it got more difficult for me (especially memorizing things you have to repeat over months). That was also the time I developed my social anxiety though so the panic of failing (which was just not getting a grade that I like) and through that being the dumb kid always made me study.My social anxiety has been getting better over the last year (through exposing myself to situations I was scared of researching about the topic raising my self-esteem etc.)Now here is the problem: Since it got better I struggle a lot more with studying. How I usually study is writing everything down and then memorizing the notes and doing abit of practice. The writing part I can still get done bc it is fun for my brain idk why. But the memorizing feels like torture. I want to do it. I really want to. But even with no distractions it still feels impossible to study how much I want to. Am I just not trying it enough? Or is there a technique I dont have?
depression, That post was getting your dream job. As someone who was fucked over multiple times trying to pursue the perfect job I am in cold sweat right now. Man I opened reddit to masturbate now Im sad lol
mentalhealth, I’ve never posted on Reddit before first time and it seems strange to be posting something like this. I don’t know if anyone will read it or care but at some point I just need to verbalize what I’m feeling. I’ve always been quiet and reserved since I was a kid but around my sophmore year of high school things started to change people acknowledged who I was I always knew I was a funny kid but other people started seeing it too. I hit puberty hard I wasn’t a short skinny kid anymore I was attractive and people started seeing that too. I joined new friend groups life was amazing and when I got to my junior year things got even better. I had a way of talking to people I was always happy funny quick witted I could talk to anyone and laugh with anyone. It was never a defense mechanism I was just so happy to be happy. I made new friends friends I could talk to about how I felt and yet still laugh with unconditionally it was real and for the first time in my life I was the man. Flashback a year forward and many of them have gone to college I started getting high more often and it pushed me away from what I was happy go lucky not worrying about what people thought and free. I’ve stopped since then it’s been almost 6 months and yet I’m not happy anymore conversations with my best friends in the world are taxed by my own insecurities that seem to come from no where. It gets harder and harder as I search for an answer that doesn’t seem to even really exist. I don’t know how to be myself again I don’t know how to be the happy go lucky free confident person I once was. I’ve never been depressed before but for the past few months I think I have been I know I can be that same person I just don’t know how to get there. Thanks for listening if you did hopefully some people can understand but if not thank you for reading anyway.
depression, I’m a 14 year old male. All of my life it’s been obesity drunk parents etc. They won’t even let me get help. I can’t get mental help. I’m stuck like this. It’s constant sadness suicidal urges and feeling lesser then everyone else. We don’t have a lot of money so ofc there’s a lot of things i don’t have that most everyone else has. I’ve never been on vacation. I haven’t left the house in forever. I’ve seen a friend outside of school ONCE in the past year. It fucking sucks. All i do is play videogames for 12 hours a day and get even more obese until i finally fucking die of an aneurysm.
depression, I cant bring myself to put enough effort to pass out of school. I know depression is different for everyone but i need to make it through this year with a decent score. And it seems impossible to me. I have over 6 projects to submit tomorrow and i havent started 5 of them and i dont plan to.The only reason i havent completely given up is because my family hasnt and I cant keep holding on.What im asking is how did you do it? It seems impossible for me to push myself hard enough to do anything for myself. Give me some tips and tricks if they exist???
depression, Im turning 26. I shouldnt really be sad I have a decent relationship with my significant other I have a good job and am working on some ideas for a personal business I have a future of travel ahead of me if things go well. But Im so fucking tired of all of it. Feeling content in my relationship is a battle because everything triggers my anxiety I feel like I dont deserve anything I have and Im a cheat if I dare to feel okay. I have issues with needing attention and assurance from people around me because Im really not happy with where I am. I dont know if I ever will be. I grew up with so much bullshit I didnt even have the chance to become a normal functioning human being.I cant do anything to leave though. I lost my sister to suicide only some months ago. I watched everyone grieve and theyre still suffering. Im still suffering. I couldnt do that to anyone. But god I wish I could just be with her. She was the one person that understood.
mentalhealth, Recently I have been feeling better! After 6 years of dealing with severe mental health issues I think its safe to say Im on the road to true recovery. Despite feeling better my poor self care has still carried on. Im not sure where to start improving. My main problems are having a consistent schedule with brushing/flossing teeth doing laundry showering drinking enough water etc. For those who have struggled similarly how did you fix bad habits?
depression, i dont think im depressed my problems are basically nothing compared to the people here. maybe im just overreacting. maybe because im a teen thats why i have suicidal thoughts and i do self harm. i cant go to a therapist because i dont know what to tell my parents nor the money to have one. ive been told im lazy since i was little so maybe im just lazy? i think im overreacting and attention seeking especially because i dont have it as hard as anyone here. im sorry if its too long and poorly worded. i just want to know how do you tell if youre just lazy?
depression, I have had depression for about 2 years and I really need help because I am severely struggling now. I am struggling more now than ever. I am NOT going to harm myself although I am looking forward to death because I am tired of life. I am a 20 year old 100% online college student with an autism spectrum disorder and I have been struggling to do anything. The main source of my problem is the fact that I have struggled with time severely my whole life. It might sound really dumb although I have struggled to understand the concept of time and I have felt detached from reality at times. I have had trouble with planning ahead because I had trouble understanding that the future could become the present. Also I thought that it would be bad to plan ahead because of a Bible verse that says do not worry about tomorrow. I used an agenda sometimes in high school although I still didnt grasp the concept of time after using that. I feel that I now have a better understanding of time although now I am struggling to get out of a big mess. I am in such a big mess that I am going to have to medically withdraw from a class related to my major and I may have to medically withdraw from another class as well. I am only registered for 2 online classes and yet it looks like I will have to medically withdraw from both of them. I managed to earn decent grades in 3 online classes last semester despite my depression although now I am struggling even more. In addition I have had a part time job since last June and I have been doing well with that despite my depression. I have been late at times though in addition to turning in assignments late or missing deadlines completely. On top of that there have been a lot of problems that I failed to deal with for a long time. The problems that I have put off include a problem with carpet beetles that have been in my room since 2017 my messy room my messy closet and a phone data loss problem that happened a few days after I graduated high school in 2018. To make matters worse my laptop malfunctioned a few days ago and Im afraid that I wont be able to retrieve data from it. This happened shortly after I said something about how I would feel devastated if I lost data from my laptop while I stood in front of my laptop and it happened one day after I bought a flash drive to save data. Also the problem with the coronavirus has made my situation even worse. I have prayed to God and I have reached out to multiple counselors over the past year and recently although that did not help. Additionally I have created plans to get out of the mess that Im in although they have all fallen through. I can create new plans although I know that they can fall through as well and more time will be gone forever. I have attempted to find free counseling services since I dont earn much money and I owe my Dad money for college classes although I havent found much available. I thought that there would be a free trial with Faithful Counseling and Better Help although I did not see a free trial option on either of those websites. Please provide any help that you can soon. Thank you so much!
depression, What even is this rock bottom that people keep talking about? Theres an abyss of eternal fall where one just keeps on falling; never hitting the ground or rock bottom as they call it. Or maybe one just feels stuck forever in this rock bottom. Because thats normal for people like us. Feeling no will no drive to do things losing interest in everything you love just existing day after day against your will. There is no hope no future no goals just this painful numb existence bearing no fruits at all.
depression, I dont expect anyone to read or reply to this. I feel myself sliding deeper into this depression and Im scared what I might do when I finally hit rock bottom...I know its coming. My thoughts are changing to why I dont want to be here. Head aches tinnitus brain fog rocky relationship. I just wish I could turn back time. I dont want to be here.
mentalhealth, I’ve heard a lot of Americans explaining how the psychiatric units in hospitals there are awful and basically jail. I don’t think their healthcare system is very good. I’m Canadian so I have had a bit more financial support due to our healthcare system but there’s still holes. Psychiatric units in hospitals for example are still an awful experience. They’re usually considered last-resort and intended for stabilization rather than recovery. Most of the people I met during my 3 week stay last year were either seriously suicidal had severe self harm issues or both. Mostly depressive disorders y’know? I understand that psychiatric hospitals are mostly for things like that at least here in Canada but it’s scary to be there. If you don’t need to be there then you are going to just have a bad time. That’s why stays are so short. At least from my experience and from other people I know we don’t use many restraints. We don’t use “booty juice” or any injections to sedate unless absolutely necessary whereas in the U.S. it seems to be more common. The only injections I knew of being used were for restraining limbs like temporarily paralyzingly them. No one gets thrown in “padded cells” unless they start attacking other people or are being extremely loud. Most of the time people with anger issues go in there because they want to let their anger out safely and calm down.Psychiatric hospitals are definitely not great but it’s mostly the staff that make it bad. It functions well (in my opinion) but staff can be awful. Not as well trained not as many medical professionals or people with psychology degrees. Residential/inpatient treatments are better here though. During my 3 month long stay I was able to get diagnoses treatment and comfortably interact with other people (some who I now cal my friends) and professionals who could help. After I was discharged they pretty much dropped me though. The transition back home was hard but the treatment itself during my stay was good.So in Canada I think we are much better off than Americans. But what about other countries? Any Europeans or other people out there willing to share their story with the mental health system?
depression, You ever get told your ugly/useless/not needed so much you start to believe it after a few years. That’s all I’ve ever heard from folks. And dating is almost a no go because ladies in my area seem to only have one thing on their mind....money. While yes I make money I don’t be a dick to anyone. I’m respectful of all women. Don’t degrade them and whatnot. Is it this trait that keeps them away from me? Am I unlikable because I like to make music and write fanfictions as well as work in the oil field? Can a man not be creative and be accepted as such?Idk. Pretty sure the negative nancies will roast me alive on here but go for it I guess.Almost 30 and I feel like just giving up. Always been the black sheep among people.
depression, I feel like Im slipping away. Ive never been happy and Ive been so long without any sort of affection that I think Im at a tipping point.I cant do this anymore. Ive tried and nobody wants me.
depression, So I dont really know where to start. But lately I just kinda feel fucking crazy. I have recently suffered from severe anxiety attacks and spoken to a doctor who has referred me to a physiologist. In the mean time I have been prescribed antidepressants to help. I am 2.5 weeks into my new prescription and Im really struggling with the changes that are going on within my life. Its hard to explain by I feel like I have had a self awakening into my life about who I am. I am often finding myself lost within my thoughts and seeing everything from a different view. I have found myself reading again waking up earlier seeing the world in a whole new view.These changes arent necessarily bad in my opinion. I like how I am feeling because I no longer find myself lost in a dark world where I cant escape. What bothers me is that I feel like Im not me. Im trying to wrap my head around these changes. Its really scary because for so long on my life I thought what was normal isnt. It scares me because I worry that although I feel better Im going to lose myself within these drugs. Has anyone else found this has happened to them also? How did you deal with these changes ?
depression, For the first time in my life Ive realized Im depressed. Im not sure who to turn too or where to begin. Afraid to speak to friends about it due to non contextual understanding. Ive schedule a doctors  appointment as a first step.Looking for advice / someone to talk too.
depression, 1. So was in a relo 7 years where dude cheated on me &amp; in response accused ME of cheating. He was 3 years older than me. And it was with a 16 year old at his work. Moved to dif city &amp; a month later broke up with me over phone2. Date another bro from another country who I loved a lot but too much baggage from previous relationship so obvs he broke up with me (understandable)3. Ive gained so much weight because Im alone 99% of the time and dont know what else to do.. my dad is an abusive drunk who sets fires in the back yard/ way worse4. I really want to die again because people dont seem to see me. My cats walk away when I cry.. Its fucking depressing.5. I wroe a will for my cats a while ago... so I know theyll be taken care of. I just feel like it might feel good. Like dying I mean. I freak out about health issues SO MUCH and it would just be great to not have to deal with that anymore. I mean how silly will we feel if its better on the other side. Maybe it will be. It has to beAnyways I just....... Im tired.
depression, Hope yall sleep tight and well tonight
depression, Ive been so depressed for so long that I dont cook at all its all junk food which is both expensive and unhealthy as hell which both make my depression worse. How can I stop feeling so overwhelmed and improve my diet? How do I break it down for myself?
depression, So there was one of those write the saddest story you can using 4 words things on Facebook and I started typing and suddenly...[She questioned her life.Was it worth living?Would things turn around?Then you came along.Life seemed vibrant again.The sun felt warmer.The night seemed darker.Food even tasted better.Life seemed meaningful again.But then you left.You left without warning.No goodbyes no closure.She asked herself why.Why you suddenly left.What she did wrong.Was she too damaged?Too damaged to love?Too hard to hold?Thinking it was her.But she never realizedYou were broken too.You didnt feel worthyOf love so strong.A heart so pure.She questioned her life.As you questioned yours.]Im not a writer but Im proud of this. So Im going to post it here because maybe someonell appreciate it. Idk. Thanks.
mentalhealth, Alot of the time I dont feel like a real person or like a whole person. I spend days inside or in bed just not doing much because I dont feel real. Then I step outside because I forget that Im a person and try to feel real by going outside but then Im like I still dont feel real. Ive read about dissociating but I dont lose my identity I just dont feel....like a real person. Sorry this is messy and confusing I havent really thought alot about it just felt it...thank you and goodnight
mentalhealth, I know I have posted something similar to this before on this page. I can honestly say that I feel like I’ll be able to dig myself out of this hole I’ve been in for so long. I somehow still have my wife and home. I still have love and support from my family and a friend or two. I can say that this entire experience has taught me to weed out those who I thought were friends of mine. I am learning to drop the mentality of “I was willing to go to war for this guy”. Because the people I would have died or killed for wouldn’t piss on me if I were on fire. It has been a rough learning curve but I feel as if I’m genuinely learning happiness without them in my life.
mentalhealth, i used to get into a lot of arguments online but after a while kind of got it out of my system.  its taken a while for me to need this kind of outlet again and my most recent online disagreements have underlined for me just how bad of an idea it is to say basically anything online.  its just too bad the solution is to either stay in a certain community or not put myself out there because someones always going to have something to say.  people dont treat me this way in real life.  in real life i can speak freely to just about anyone without arguments.  im a reasonable person.  so reasonable in fact that arguing with people online is the lowest point in my day because it goes absolutely nowhere.  ever.  ive taken my recent contentious posts down because i realize that even if i settle something with one person thats not the end of it.  anyone at any time can come by and say anything and why tf would i leave myself open to that? the thing is i dont want a thick skin anymore.  i dont want to be tough.  i want to be sincere and sensitive and emotionally available.  thats just not going to be possible if im always letting assholes get close to me.  im relaxing and enjoying my life and i dont need the stress or hassle.
depression, I just need some support right now…
depression, I cant take proper care of myself my job or my studies right now so Ive finally admit to myself that I have a problem and sought help. I havent told anyone so I really needed to share.Edit: The doctor was a great guy. His initial advise was to:* Get enough sleep (I sleep 3-5 hours per night and sometimes cant sleep at all)* Get out in daylight* Eat healthier (Ive been living on frozen pizza and cereal for the last couple of months)* Set aside time for quality me-time a couple of times per week. Spend some time on an activity I really enjoy.* Do some sort of exercise* Try to think positiveI told him that Ive tried to sort out my life several times for the last six years but I still fall back to my bad habits. We agreed that I try antidepressants for a month or two and see how that works out. Ill definitely still try to follow his advice though.
depression, My life has fallen apart. I have lost the love of my life. Everybody is happy and becoming successful while my life dreams fade away. I am alone. I have been looking for a reason to not end my life but even after months of searching I have found none. Asking the Internet is the last thing I can think of. Im not trying to karma whore this isnt some cry for help. I just dont see a reason to go on. So give me a reason why I should keep living.
mentalhealth, If the recommended daily dosage is one pill and I took half can I take the other half just a little while after? I think it should be fine since in theory you could take a whole pill at once but idk if its different when I already had the first half Its rivotril btw
depression, im hurting im cutting im having deep thoughts.all because i dont have a purpose in life yet and i just want to end it all.
depression, My life has never been easy. I have clinical depression and it has put simply ruined my life.(as it does) Im a terrible person. I feel horrible guilt for my all of my actions and it keeps me awake at night or distracted during the day. Effort is an important commodity that I have so little of its excuse my french fucked up everything. The title of the post is dedicated to some one who wanted to help.Some one who was very kind and had a very big heart and now I will never be able to speak with them again. But had no understanding of what depression actually is. They couldnt relate as being lucky enough to not be diagnosed or plagued by this horrible fucking illness.(excuse me Im very upset) So I ranted to them about how i was feeling as i was having a very bad day. And they saw that they just couldnt help me. I dont think anyone can. So I presented the option of being free of me and they took the better path.  A future without me is the best thing anyone can shoot for. Now Im debating suicide to be free of my self and spare others the burden of my existence.I know a lot of people say this but i know for a fact Im an awful person and the only thing I deserve is punishment. This post isnt a cry for attention. Its a psa. Depression fucking kills. It rends and tears it destroys and annihilates. And i know everyone here can vouch for that. I wish you all the best of luck and honestly hope you reach recovery.No one deserves this. To live like this. It isnt living at all.
depression, I have no interests anymore I feel like a zombie. I cant focus on my studies I want to but cant. I talked to my family once about it and they just said that it will get better soon but it has been three years now. I am so numb.I have never been diagnosed with depression because we cant afford the costs and the hospitals are far away.Sometimes I feel that maybe I am just making excuses for my failure.Can someone please tell me what to do. Will it ever get better?
mentalhealth, Hey I really didnt know where to post this or even ask this.  Im currently in the process of getting a new therapist so bare with me.So I got cheated on from August to January (when we finally broke up after 1.5 years).  Im in a relationship again but with a guy who I get along with extremely well.  Hes what people call a dry texter meaning you wont get much of a response out of him through text.  I seem to not take this well because I take it as Oh god. Hes quiet. Hes mad. He hates me. and I get extremely paranoid about it to the point where I get genuinely upset at myself about it.  I dont know how to prevent these thoughts at all or how to cope with them.  Ive tried CBT multiple times and it just doesnt work for me.  I also seem to have a huge fear of abandonment which I found out through all of my friends moving away within a relatively short amount of time.  &amp;#x200B;Would any of this count as psychosis?
depression, I struggle with depression and anxiety those are my most prominent issues in terms of mental health.I started a little booklet of quotes that I find positive and helpful. Figured I would share and maybe find more quotes to add. :)* Every day is a fresh start.* Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and focus on what could go right.* If they dont know you personally dont take it personal. (This one is good for dealing with co-workers or judgment from strangers.)* The people who matter wont criticize and the people who criticize dont matter.* You can turn off the sun but Im still gonna shine. (Lyric from a Jason Mraz song)* Confidence is not they will like me. Confidence is Ill be fine if they dont.* 99% of the things I worry about dont happen.* Note to self: let shit go.* There will be more chapters in your life. Dont get lost in the one youre in now.* Prove it to yourself not anyone else.* The key to happiness is letting each situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be.* Stop giving fucks.To further share some thoughts the most recent negative/stressful event was issues with my boss and my job. I wrote down my thoughts and the focus was not just to vent but to boost myself up to get past those negative thoughts. Heres what I wrote: Right now I feel like a constant fuck-up at work. I am NOT a fuck-up. Shit happens. Even if I make a mistake that is or isnt my fault and I get yelled at whatever! Who cares? Worst case scenario I lose my job. (Side note: I tend to think glass half empty and think worst case scenario what-ifs). Maybe Ill get yelled at feel like shit I dont know. No matter the outcome **itll be okay**. I can find a new job I can move on to a better place. Shit always seems to work out okay I dont think Ive ever been unable to get through something difficult. Ill be okay!I also wrote some things about reducing stress:1. drink water.2. stretch.3. deep slow breathing.4. music.5. read something interesting.6. clean something for 5-10 minutes.7. go for a walk even if its just to your car or down the hallway of your apartment or for 2 minutes...grab some fresh air.8. light a candle.9. sing!10. force yourself to smile - even if youre unhappy its proven to lift your mood a little if you move the muscles in your face to a smile.Anything I should add? :) Let me know and feel free to share.
mentalhealth, I’ve had anxiety for most of my life (22 years old) and just recently I’ve developed extremely bad anxiety of even leaving the house. Like to the point that even putting on clothes triggers it because I normally wear Pjs all day. I have a stomach condition that has a large effect on my anxiety of leaving but it’s getting to the point that it’s a very large struggle just to go to the store for groceries. My absolute max of distance is very rarely I can go about an hour from my house but only once a month as I do it to drop off stuff to my grandmother but even that is difficult and sometimes has to be rescheduled. What are some things I can try to ease my anxiety so I can maybe start leaving the house again. I can’t even go for walks around the neighborhood
mentalhealth, A year ago I felt like the most inspired individual on the planet. I felt like for every interaction I had something interesting funny or insightful to say. There was no shortage of subjects or hobbies I didnt feel fascinated by and I looked forward to waking up every morning. This lasted for about 8-9 months. Now I loathe waking up. Sleep seems to be the only activity that I dont want to end. My wit my passion my confidence -- all gone. I used to feel like I could connect with anyone. Make anyone laugh. Or talk endlessly about anything. And now I feel like I struggle getting through a minute of small-talk at work.My brain is foggy. I freeze up. Theres no confidence in my voice. I feel FUCKING STUPID. I dont know what to say. When these feelings first arose a few months ago it was accompanied by panic. Now I feel like Ive just accepted my dullness. My mind is a void of nothingness. A major catalyst for the renaissance I experienced a year ago was this girl who came into my life at work. This girl was like no one I had ever met in my life. I felt an astounding spark from the first 30 seconds of talking to her. The connection was immediate and intense. We remained good friends for the next 6 months. For the entirety of that time getting to know her I felt the most intense puppy love teenagers go through in the first week of dating. Im almost 30 and have felt nowhere near anything near this connection. I felt like every conversation was the grandest adventure of my life.We began dating. And it was fantastic. She still is fantastic. The funniest sweetest kindest most adventurous soul Ive ever known. Ive always felt anxiety about spending time with her -- perhaps because I feel like she is the greatest thing Ive ever experienced in my life.But a few months ago the anxiety started to turn into depression. It makes no sense. I finally have the girl of my dreams. But since then the depression has just been eating away at me.Shes been nothing but supportive but I still cant help feel that she is sick of it. Im not who I was. I cant make her laugh like I used to. I cant make interesting conversation like I used to. I cant make anyone laugh or converse with ANYONE like I used to. I want to get back to my creative passionate self. I want to be able to connect with people. To connect with my GIRLFRIEND - who I know when Im not depressed - we have the most beautiful connection. **What can I do to spark that curious confident person who I know exists deep inside me?**I have some ideas...1. Getting off social media. I feel like anytime I feel a slight hint of boredom I go to social media and automatically scroll. I dont even enjoy it. I wonder if experiencing boredom would be GOOD for my curiosity.2. Forcing myself to create. I used to love to cover songs or attempt to make songs. I dont even feel that urge anymore though. Perhaps though forcing myself to sit down and actually accomplishing something would be beneficial.3. Making a conscious effort to talk to people. I feel like I just avoid a lot of social interactions now because they all go so... lame-ly. Im really out of ideas. I would just appreciate some insight or ideas on how to get out of this depression. I want to be able to connect with people. I want to have something interesting to say again. I want to be interested in life again.&amp;#x200B;tldr; went from being stoked on everything in life to stoked on nothing in life. How can I get stoked again?
depression, I yearn for interaction with people but everyone I want to talk to now blanks me out because Ive created this image of myself of being this constantly depressed prick.I have no motivation to do anything and loneliness has destroyed my life
depression, I’ve taken all the pills doctors throw at me all the therapy I’m forced to go to all the hospitals ive been forced to go to. And nothings worked. I feel myself spiraling further and further down. I want to kill myself. But I can’t my mom couldn’t handle it. I just wish I never existed.
depression, my best friend became manic depressive. i sat with her at lunch and one day she began to throw trash at me. i told her to stop and she threw more at me with her boyfriend. my two other friends and bystanders watched them throw it all at me and said nothing. my friends boyfriend slaps me in my face and calls me worthless. i ran to the bathroom and cried my eyes out. no one cares to watch me in pain because i look so happy all the time. no one ever apologized to me for it or saw anything wrong with them throwing trash at me. no one will ever care..please tell me someone cares
depression, Just got a promotion at work where I actually will have to deal with less people than I do now which should be good and I should be happy but Im not. Today I was told I should hang out with my friends that it would be good for me it doesnt feel that way but I closed it off with I will when I feel like it ...What a cop out I may never feel like it.I wish that my mind was clear I wish things made me happy like they used to I wish my relationships didnt have to suffer because of this. I always try to tell myself to take it one day at a time and Itll get better for a while but it always feels like it wont. Im trying but I feel so lost as I sit here writing this I feel like you the Person reading this is rolling their eyes saying who cares but I need some outlet for the moment even if no one reads it.
depression, So I’ve been on a party with my friends in a park…and I went to go somewhere else alone. I went on a swing and just swung there for a nice while. It was amazing and brought back so many childhood memories when everything was easier. But it also made me depressed as I had to think well shit you’ll never experience that again. It was amazing my and horrible. Like that feeling that everything is going great but there’s a worry. So this is kind of a rant?I just feel like my parents stole my Childhood from me and I just re experienced it in an nostalgic swing ride.
depression, I was living in a small town as a journalist but trying to make it big. I bid my time at the student newspaper in college and after graduating got a decent gig at a local paper where I spent a few years. Then finally I got a dream job at a MAJOR global publication of a brand everyone knows and loves. My dream came true. My life was finally going to happen—a real big-time journalism career.So I picked up everything and left all my friends and family living on cloud 9 as I was finally moving out of my parents basement to my own apartment in a big city. It was a huge transition a leap of epic proportions and of course I knew there would be a serious adjustment period.But a few months passed and things werent getting better. They were getting worse. I was slipping into a depression so deep my head was spinning and I was literally making myself sick... I actually HATED the job?! At my small town paper I had so much creative freedom and independence. At this job I was under a microscope a slave to emails and countless meetings—my life was literally centered around Google and Google Calendar.I tried to suck it up. This is the big time professional life what did I expect? To be a big-wig with complete independence right away? Psch.One day another meeting was put on my plate. I was already making myself sick with stress and had been teetering between impulsively quitting or committing suicide. So I resigned put my tail between my legs and realized big city professional life wasnt for me. Classic—you dont know what youve got til its gone. I missed my small town my friends and my little newspaper.But still Im confused depressed and pissed off. I thought this was my life my life-long career that I had worked SO HARD for. I went through a grueling months-long interview process and actually LANDED it only to fucking quit? I feel like a coward useless. And Im having an identity crisis. I dont even know if I want to stay in journalism anymore. Why do we live to work? I thought this was for me and it wasnt. How long will it take me to find another job that actually works out? Will I ever be happy?When I quit—of course its a big company so they have a nagging HR process—and they kept asking why what happened? Did something happen with a team member? I just kept saying no no. Just wasnt for me.I really wanted to say that I was depressed and I didnt have the mental stability for a job like this. Maybe I should have but I didnt want to sound crazy. Now I cant even use them as a reference.I really screwed things up and Im only 25.
depression, Im constantly changing who I am to succeed. Im driven toward my goals. Ive got to better my career my body my education etc. Often times Ill experience setbacks or failures toward achieving these goals. Ill fall learn from the experience and try again.The hope of one day learning and growing enough to succeed in my attempts is what keeps me going. The knowledge that Ill get to where I want to be in life eventually.What do you call someone who tries their whole life to attain their goals but never does? Wouldnt that be the perfect definition of someone living in their own hell? Is there a worse fate?So from my perspective until I succeed I have no proven that success is possible for me. And if the possibility of success hasnt been proven then I might as well be living in my own personalized version of hell - Doomed to repeat an unwinnable struggle deluding myself into thinking I ever stood a chance.There was a movie recently called something like Room 1408. Its about this guy that gets caught in a hotel room that is actually a demonic presence. This rooms goal is to drive its inhabitant to sucide. It does this by making him repeat the same tortuerous fate over and over for all eternity. The inhabitant is faced with suicide as the only prospect to escape this hell.It feels like Ive just opened my eyes to realize how if I dont eventually get acceptably close enough to my goals to be content I will simply be subjecting myself to that same hell - endless struggle followed by failure.Seeing it like this I felt an incredible compulsion to escape the room so to speak. The compulsion is gone now so I have no intention of harming myself. But the logical reasons for being compelled toward death are still present and giving me cause for concern.Edit: Also until I get close enough to achieving my goals (Being strong enough wealthy enough popular enough etc) I am not deserving of friendship or happiness. I deserve to be alone and in pain until I become a better man. There is no greater truth than the fact that I am currently unsatisfactory and (relatively) unsuccessful. Im not good enough and therefor do not deserve to be close to anyone. Yet.
mentalhealth, I got rejected from grad school last week and I’ve been feeling really down on myself. I’m jealous of everyone who got in. And now I’m feeling jealous of people for other reasons like their weight their relationships their friends their money their lifestyles.It doesn’t help I don’t have many friends haven’t had a significant other or even a hookup or prospect for a year and a half I’m working 2 jobs and barely able to save money. That’s been my life for a while and usually I don’t let myself feel down about it that’s just my life right now. But lately I’m comparing myself to everyone around me and it’s been awful for my mental health.I know it’s normal to feel jealous I’ve been jealous before. But this is getting worse and I feel like it’s changing the way I look at things and how I normally cope.
mentalhealth, I literally don’t physically FEEL my emotions... like how sadness weighs heavy on the heart I just don’t ever get that feeling anymore. I only express my emotions based of what I THINK I should be feeling if that makes sense? like if I go through a situation that normally would evoke the sad feeling in me I’ll think to myself “oh I’m sad” even tho I don’t actually FEEL that... I don’t feel anything..the only emotion I ever really feel is anxiety and I feel it heavy.... And if it’s not there I just don’t feel anything at all...
depression, Its been exactly an year that i broke up both of my friends ( calling them A &amp; B) helped through literally to get back to reality.we 3 are solid best friends since college. Few days ago one(A) of them got married and it was the first time all of us got together and we had a solid week of partying remembering the good old days and all. It was in between the bachelorette when B started venting out all the major missing and her breakup and all. A was with her for 2 hours consoling and i walked in and she told me that she was HIV positive since birth due to a bad transfusion of blood while birth and she had to undergo very bad situations and very strong dosages of medicines for that. She didnt knew this untill last year and her dad explained her what all happened. She was looking over me when i had a bad phase all while she was going through life and death situations with a brave smile. I dont know how she was able to do it but Im unable to sleep/digest the fact that she had to go through all of this. Shes the purest soul Ive seen in my life. I would take a bullet for her if theres a case. I literally cant say this to any of our gang and Im unable to hold myself together after hearing that. Im still crying while typing all of this. I dont know what to do.I dont know whats wrong with the world. The good people often get the strong blows they are good karma people for godsake.
depression, I try I try really hard to be normal. I try to avoid venting my feelings and problems to people. I try to shut myself away if Im having an episode. I dont like bothering anyone with my depressionIm in therapy I have meds and Im doing cbt on my own but I dont see any of it making me truly normal.In my head I imagine my dream relationship and its essentially me handing the world to the guy because I owe them everything for being able to put up with me.Ill never truly be not that fucking psycho bitch. I dont have enough charm and according to scales Ive seen online Im lucky to be considered a 3 on looks.I will likely die alone and I dont know how to accept I wont ever truly have a boyfriend that wants me for me a family kidsSo yeah
depression, I’m floundering. I’ve always had poor mental health due to childhood trauma and just bullshit but it’s gotten really bad. The pandemic ripped what little bit of hope I had left 2020 was the year I worked for and was supposed to help my mental health and boy are we in trouble. I have a plan out multiple actually and I spend every day wishing I wasn’t here. I’ve completely stopped taking care of myself and just don’t care. I’ve literally never been in a worse spot I get out of bed for work and I shower with my fiancé nightly and he helps me wash my hair (literally a hero and saint). But I go to work everyday because calling out and being flakey would ruin my reputation which I don’t want (my parents ingrained it in me that you have to be seen as responsible and reliable or you’re nothing) and we’re extremely short staffed so I’d leave them in a shitty situation which makes me feel guilty. I try to express how bad I’m feeling and that I’m really struggling but because I still pick myself up do the things I’m supposed to and all of that no one is wanting to register the severity my mental health has gotten to. I literally told a lead who also openly struggles with mental health that I don’t want to be here anymore and had a full breakdown but they said they weren’t going to tell the owners (which is a good part) because they know I’ll be fine and show up to work which kinda broke me a little because no matter how badly I say I’m doing they don’t see it with their eyes so it isn’t there. I just don’t know what I do. It’s the same with my parents and even my fiancé sometimes but he of course gets it more because he sees how little I’m functioning. I just don’t know what to do and I don’t want to start calling out and being unreliable because that’s what they expect of someone in my state but I also really need people to see and understand because I’m not doing ok and I can’t keep doing this
depression, Most people who claims they are depressed because they feel extremely sad are not depressed.  The truth is depression makes people emotionally numb. Id rather be extremely sad than to not feel anything.
depression, I tried every kind of medication nothing workedIt was triggered by an intense stress caused by medical negligence 3 years agoIt never went away I Lost so many friends the girl I love I dont know what else to do.
mentalhealth, Lately I have not been feeling like myself. But then when i think about it when really was the last time I actually felt like myself? I’ve been on some sort of psych med since i was 18. So who knows what my “true self” actually is. I have so many different moods throughout the day not just your regular happy to sad or things like that but completely different attitudes about everything. One moment i will be confidant and feeling good about life and decisions and self acceptance then the next I’ll be questioning literally everything and hating myself and being confused about who i am and what I want. Multiple times throughout the day i will almost feel like I’m looking in on what is happening!? Does that make sense?! Nothing feels real but at the same time everything feels too real. I have no idea what is going on and why I’m having this happen am I suddenly immune to my meds? Are my meds muting too much of my actual personality therefore creating those moments of dreamlike feelings? I hate this and I wish I knew how to fix it. I’ve literally searched almost all day for “wellness retreat near me” “self love classes near me” etc. etc. etc. I found nothing. I mean there was a yoga type one but that’s not until November. Plus I can’t move my body like that lol. The last couple of days if imagined what it would feel like to run away and turn off my phone and not have to worry about answering/disappointing/impressing/faking happiness to anyone. Every morning i wake up and for a split second I feel good after that I just go through the motions of getting through the day. Shouldn’t i be looking forward to living each day? Of course not every day can be perfect but I should be having more days where i feel better than just waiting for bed time to come around so I can sleep it all away again. Today I got a mouth swab for prescription matching. I told my psychiatrist that I had heard of genetic testing to see which psych meds would work best for me and that i wanted to get it done the lab just kept calling it prescription matching should be the same thing though right? They said it could take 2-3 weeks for results and then after that he has to read 35 pages of results before getting back to me. Ugh. I wish I could have the answers tomorrow. I hate feeling like I’m living a life of constant worry and regret. I’m trying really hard to be less high strung and less uptight lately and even though sometimes I can play it off inside my mind is going crazy. My psychiatrist and psychologist have both said “your brain can only process one thought at a time” ummm…there’s literally SO MUCH noise and thoughts and worries etc. going on ALL. THE. TIME. It feels as though I’m trying to tune a radio station but none of the stations are really coming in clearly I guess that’s the best way to describe it.
depression, I’m 20 years old male. I got depressed at like 15. When I got depressed my mom always did like 90% of my homework cause I couldn’t do it. She helped me through high school with my homework. I had 60% overall absence from HS due to anxiety and depression. With luck I made it (cause we had just gotten a new teacher last year and she didn’t knew about my absence)Anyways I didn’t really click with my friends so I cut’d the ties cause I didn’t wanna live my life with them in it. I didn’t make any friends in HS so I were lonely af. Still am.I do go to therapy but it can only do so much. I feel like something is wrong with me. Like why don’t I have the energy to get myself up from the dark hole I’m stuck in. Why did I not have an interest in partying or socialising like the others. Or about sex. I just cared about my video games. I can’t get myself to get a job without I put more energy then I have into it. I always felt like I wanna be able to be independent and can do something on my own. But so far I always had to ask/get help from others and it’s really depressing.2 days ago I was gonna make the food for once cause my dad and his gf was going on a party. So it was only me and my little brother home. I was hyped to make the food for us. Cause I could feel like a “big brother” I guess. I told my dad what I needed and then I went for a walk. When I got home they had already done it for me. This made me so fucking sad and I know how childish it is to get down over such thing. But I just felt really useless. I kept thinking about this for hours after. Or like today I visited my mom cause I live at my dad. I was gonna help her with her house to build like some things. The saw broke so we used small parts of it to cut the wood. I didn’t do it as fast as her and I also failed so she took over. That was pretty depressing cause I thought maybe I can manage to do this at least. Jk. Then I was gonna use spikes to put it up on the wall. But I missed the spike a few times and made markers on the walls. So she ended up doing that too.Since I was a child when I was alone with my mom she always talked about weird topics. Today when we ate we sat next to each other. I felt really uncomfortable she ended up telling me “you need to get some friends”. I told her I already know that and they not gonna come knock on my door. After that I just wanted her to drive me home and now I’m in my bed wanting to cry.I just can’t manage anything. I’m useless. I always feel like I’m not like everyone else. It’s a constant anxiety. My first therapist I ever had asked me if I was autistic. I said I weren’t but she probably thought so cause I avoided eye contact (I have social anxiety). I told her that I was very social in my early years. I was the class clown even.Since then I been obsessing over having everything from autism to borderline to being psychic. I asked my last therapist if he thinks I can have any of the disorders and he said he don’t think so. I’m not showing any signs of them. I had an okey time growing up I feel like. But since I’m like this now I heard and got told via internet that I probably was emotionally abused growing up or something. So I asked my therapist to write a thingy so I could go see a therapist that work with “the past” rather then what my therapist I had now did. Cause he used CBT and believe in past is past we can only change the “now”. Which I believe in too but idk. I feel like maybe there’s something that made like this that need to be healed.Everyone around me just got a job and friends (even tho I believe friends comes and goes and u shouldn’t force it) even my 17 year old little brother has gotten a job after he finish high school. On top of he’s been working since he was 16. I’m 20. I normally don’t compare myself to him. I know I should just focus on myself but it’s so hard sometimes.One last thing. I compare myself to others and I realised I go to this reddit to find ppl that have it worse then me so I don’t have to feel like I’m the biggest failure. I know it’s fucked up and when I’m realising I’m doing it I close my phone. I’ve also realised that I’ve become bitter in my mind. If I see ppl here with jobs and relationships I just get so envious and I get thoughts like that is negative towards them. That’s not me. I’m not like that I would never ever let someone down irl if someone told me an accomplishment. It’s just thoughts but they are so bad. I don’t wanna be a bitter guy. I’ve tried not compare myself to others for years but I can’t find something that can get me to stop doing it.Thanks for reading my rant.Edit: my relationship with my family isn’t really as strong anymore either. I don’t wanna spend time with them and I isolate myself from them a lot. I know I probably shouldn’t do it. But I don’t enjoy spending time with them.Edit 2: I feel like I am that person that everyone feels sorry for. I don’t wanna be that person :(
mentalhealth, I’ve(26f) been feeling kinda down lately. I’ve been having horrible anxiety everyday. I keep thinking I’m just going to randomly die. My medication (lexapro) isn’t working anymore and I started taking buspirone a few weeks ago with it to help my anxiety but I feel like nothing is happening. Idk what to do. I talk to a therapist and I’m just trying to work everything out on my own. Idk I just feel sad
depression, I just feel dead inside n don’t know what to do I’m on anti depressants n go to therapy but it doesn’t seem to be helping I just have either a rush of negative thoughts witch just consume my head or just a numbness n I can’t deside witch is worse Iv been depressed for 5 years but haven’t come any fuver In managing it . It started when I was bullied when I was 11 n it just got worse n worse n my family never felt like they wanted me their n we would have exposive arguments  Iv tried to kill my self 3 times this year n I don’t want to try again but at the same time I do just to make it stop like I don’t want to die I just don’t want to carry on. It got worse over the summer when I had a really manipulative gf that lies n cheated nomads me feel like shit but I was so stupid n kept trying to make it work n then After that I would just binge drink n smoke to the point that I wasn’t my self any more n couldn’t think about all the stuff in my head I just need advice on how to get through this
depression, Im trying to get therapy because of the spot Im in I guess I just wanted somewhere to talk for a bit and maybe get advice from others who might think similarIm 21 and I think my happiness comes from those around me and whether or not they love me. Everyone wants people to love them but for me its almost like the only thing that matters. Relationships have been hard because of this and the end of serious romantic relationships absolutely destroy me.This ends up ruminating in my head and it becomes all I think about. I think about how Im not good enough and thats why people leave me and that there will always be someone better than me that people I care about would rather have And I just cant think about anything else its like I fall into a tranceIve had abusive relationships bad ones with horrible people I justified in my head. Weirdly enough part of me still loves them and would want them.Recently I got into a relationship with an old friend and it was absolutely amazing. They made me feel so special both physically and emotionally. It was actually insane to me. But then after a couple months they said they didnt want a relationship at the moment and wanted to go back to friends. She said I did everything perfectly and shes never been in a happy relationship like this either but she just couldnt handle worrying about me on top of her own mental health problems. She even said we could try again in the future. So Im here again in this spiral of absolute misery.I feel like no one wants me and I hate myself for thinking that. And then I hate myself FOR hating myself. I fall into this loop of self loathing and then people dont want me because of that. I hid my mental health and never let it show when I was with them for whole time only ever mentioning what my issues are. And that alone was too much for them to handle. Everytime I let on how bad I feel about right now to them I feel an unbearable amount of guilt because its the exact thing they didnt want:me feeling bad. So I just stopped I stopped talking to them about it and now pretend like Im absolutely fine.I was happy for those few months. I wasnt happy before and Im not happy now. I cant even feel happy on my own and it makes me think about dying. I feel like Im not worth it to myself or anyone else
depression, I dont think someones interested in this but I need to get this out of my chest. I feel so empty right now. I dont even feel sad. I just feel like theres nothing left.I dont know how to cope with depression at this point. My two friends are so fucking social that they barely give a shit about me and actually they laugh at me because Im not the kind of people who doesn’t fit within social standards. I have no one else apart from my mom. I love her more than anyone else but she just doesnt understand. Everyone else either is way too far away from me or dislikes me.I feel like I have cared way too much about people who didnt give a fuck about me. I feel like I gave all my love away but didnt get love in return. So now Ive run out of it. I still have an ardent passion for poetry I still love Marilyn Manson I still like improving and expanding my knowledge about the world. I just have no one to share it with.Ive been feeling dizzy for the last couple of days and I havent been sleeping well for 9 months. My sleep deprivation has worsened in the past month. Thank God no one has noticed my sadness. I know what will happen if they learn about it: they will ask me and I’ll “tell” them about it and they will act like they care. But they don’t. They never have. Because no one cares about me. I’m not an interesting person and I’ve never been. Sadness and solitude have always been a huge part of my life.There are a few things that remind me that I’m human sure. Music. Poems. Sometimes tears. But I can’t listen to music forever. I can’t read or write poems forever. And I can’t cry forever. I just want to feel like everybody else: I want to love I want to feel loved I want to have friends maybe even a boyfriend I want to have my first kiss get married; I even want the bad stuff: I want pain and grief.Its 4 AM and I want someone to hold me. Not because I want to feel the warmth or the love. I couldn’t care less about love at this point. Maybe two months ago I would have liked to feel loved. Its just the comfort. I want to keep in touch with reality somehow. And the touch of people makes me feel like a human being again. But no one wants to touch me. And I don’t want to touch most people.My awkwardness and social anxiety rule over me. I spend my days listening to Marilyn Manson trying to write poetry and just yearning for a friend. Loneliness has consumed me and I don’t know what to do at this point. I feel like I’ll die alone. No friends no husband no family no lovers: nothing. I just don’t know how to make friends.I cant even distinguish friends from enemies at this point. They are one.Im not suicidal but I think death would be a livelier state than depression.P.S.: Sorry if my English isnt perfect. Im Spanish.
depression, I have been talking to someone i had also met on here and i just told them i don’t wanna continue talking to them because it was beginning to affect me negatively. I feel like it was kind of selfish of me to do this because they have been going through a lot and i basically just left them. They seemed a little mad at me when i told them and now i don’t know how to feel. When we would talk it felt like they were becoming dependent on me and it was just a lot of pressure but i truly did and still care about them. It just got too much. I don’t know what to do.
depression, And basically that you only need willpower to get over it.Im currently taking sertraline and it kinda helped me along with the fact Im going to change a lot in my life for the better. However it kinda upset me that the person has told me the meds arent real its only making us think its getting us better so we feel this way &lt;as if this was placebo&gt; and kept going.It got me super upset because I know how I felt and I knew I couldnt overcome it most of the time I quit school I was struggling with suicidal thoughts I was not doing anything but playing games and a lot of the time I didnt even enjoy them but rather tried to do anything to pass time. As it made me really annoyed I tried to give all sort of arguments that it is basically like saying you can just move your broken arm and itll be fine tried explaining the way the meds work that for example after drinking much alcohol which is a depressant you might feel bad the next day &lt;psychically&gt; and that she can check it out or ask other people if she doesnt believe me and that the meds work the other way around thus theyre called anti-depressants. I kept going for over an hour trying to explain it and eventually just gave up it feels like they wont accept the fact. Ive struggled for years and now its gotten much better but I do fucking remember how I felt I also remember I felt as if I was lazy as if it was my fault that I couldnt do it &lt;before I ever went to a psychologist or a psychiatrist&gt; I remember I felt this way but now that I feel differently most of the time I fucking know I couldnt overcome it because it seemed too hard at that time.Basically at the end I kinda dont wanna be friends with a person who isnt willing to accept the facts and thinks that the reason Id struggled so hard before the meds and change because I was weaker psychically.Ive also had to deal with a lot of shit in my life before thus possibly causing it but I do fucking know for sure I couldnt just say to myself hey its all good lets keep living happily.Im still upset about this she feels like shes smarter than other people because she doesnt believe what people say about it and because she has her own opinion shes smarter and Im an idiot for believing that its real because Im unable to have my own opinion like actually what the fuck? And when I asked her about any argument or evidence other than her thoughts she would skip the question without giving any.Her boyfriend who is also a friend of mine pretty much thinks the same way she does but also doesnt have any other arguments other than his own thoughts.I dont really feel like keeping in touch with people that wouldnt believe that what I felt was real and that it wasnt as easy as they make it sound because I dont really being viewed as some weak person because if I was actually weak Id have already been dead due to what I had lived through.
depression, I will never amount to anything. I have a good job and a GF who loves me but yet I fucking hate myself. I talk to a therapist and I feel I am just bitching and I should shove pills in myself.I will never be good at anything. I even feel bad typing this here because I know someone is reading this saying Wow what a fucking loser crying about stupid shit. You are right. I wish I had that glow in my heart when I was younger and being happy and not taking everything seriously.I mask myself with my humor. My co-workers friends and family love me. But I will never love myself. I dont have the courage to kill myself. I just dont. I have no idea what to even say. I want to fix myself. But a simple thing as losing at something like hearthstone just makes me realize the person on the other side of the screen is a better person than I am.I want to give up. But even that I fail at.
depression, I currently see no reason to be. Its such a sad thing to state but its very very true for me. I currently feel like no one truley *wants* me around plain and simple. My friends couldnt care less if I was there or not my love life does not and has never existed (19 and not a single date) I dont even have any form of contact with a female these days. I am barely passing my degree at university and not even sure if it is want I want to actually do for the rest of my life. I have a huge debt to top it off too seeing as I cannot for the life of me get a  job. Nothing seems to make me happy anymore activities that I used to love seem pointless and uninteresting and Im usually left wallowing in my own sadness in my free time. So all in all my life is bleak and utterly utterly depressing. I understand a lot of people have it worse than me; I have a roof over my head and an education but this doesnt stop my mind from sinking into this dark place. I dont know why I bother to keep going.I dont mean to come off as whiny and attention seeking Im just hoping venting could possibly help and someone may be able to provide some advice although I dont see any way out honestly.
depression, having autism and hating yourself alot for it sometimes? no biggietrust issues from bullying and never having anyone stand up for you? its nothinghaving your parents divorce your grandfather passing away and your mom being out of work all at the same time at age 10? nothing at allhaving no one there for you to support you through all that and having your emotions constantly invalidated? never heard of herhaving your father emotionally abuse you trying to convince you that your mom hates you and gaslighting you and guilt tripping you for not talking to your grandmother who was a bitch to my entire family? couldnt ever happenbeing badly mistreated by teachers and administrators and being called a problem? they could never!always being made to feel like your unwanted and manipulative and just an all around nuisance to everyone around you? whaaaaa-&amp;#x200B;none of those things happened. they totally didnt happen. youre just being a wuss some people have it much worse its no big deal at all :))
depression, Started going to the gym to try and feel better I still feel as miserable as ever. Tried socializing more but every time Im with people I find myself wishing I was dead instead. Tried therapy and it was so bad to the point where every time I think of it I feel disgusted and want to puke. I dont even enjoy the things I used to anymore. My scars still trigger me every single day and Im just so so scared petrified even. Im scared of what I might do to myself because after 6 years of this hell I feel like its never going to get better.
depression, How do you know if you have depression? Ive checked online for the symptoms and mulled over them time and time again to see and I still dont know whether I have it or am just being a douche.Probably the latter.
depression, Two years ago I had my wisdom teeth removed and was prescribed ratio oxycocet with 2 refills. I didnt use the entire first bottle so I didnt bother with the second refill. I just found a bottle in my mothers bathroom under my name in which she got the second refill. Should I be worried? They are expired but still it is very weird..
depression, I just started up law school. I have had wild mood swings up to 4 times a day. During the school day Im generally productive and upbeat (a huge change from previous phases of my life). But when I have a minute of downtime during the day or when I go home my mood plummets. Im having a really hard time making friends so Im isolated and during my time alone Ill go from fine to crying and wanting to throw myself from the window. Immediate stressors are usually money my appearance or my family relationships (which are generally very negative). Ive been clinically depressed for a long time but mood swings of this magnitude are new to me and Im getting scared. Is there anything I can do?
depression, But reality is the things that you dont want to see and fuck you hard.1) Nobody gives a shit to you. Do whatever you want. Life is not a movie and nobody watches your shit movie dont worry.2) You cant know anything but you can think you know something.3) Dont trust anyone anyone ANYONE! There are TOO MANY things that ONLY YOU can know. NEVER get validation from your environment.4) There are no rules... 2+2=4 is math not life...5) Be sensitive and be careful about gaslighting...Just wanted to share...
depression, My brother got out of a really toxic relationship 5 years ago and also lost his child due to a miscarriage. I might be over analyzing the situation but I am honestly worried that he is going to do something harmful to himself. Here are some reasons that has lead me to believe my brother is suffering from depression.1. He has not attended any big family events in the last 5 years.2. He cant seem to hold on to a job for more than 6 months.3. He sleeps A LOT. When he isnt sleeping he is in his room.4. He has days where he would be okay to go to work and the next day he wouldnt even want to get out of bed. 5. He rarely eats and is stick skinny. This makes me really sad because he used to love to cook eat and workout all the time.6. Whenever I am around him I always feel like hes trying to be normal. I can feel his sadness and can see it in his eyes. 7. He would post things on facebook usually around 2 or 3 AM about hating his life and wanting to get away. My sister usually would reply and he would delete it soon after.The rest of my family feels frustrated and keeps trying to tell him to get his life together. My mom has stopped trying to communicate with him since he lashes out at her every time she lectures him. My sister has tried to get him a job at her company but he came to work for a day and decided he didnt like it and left. She said that the last time she will help him. How should I approach this? Should I ask him straight out if he is depressed?
mentalillness, I’m doing a paper for school on mistreatment that takes place in psych wards anyone know of any articles or research that talk about this?
depression, Its been a tough year for me. Ive gone back and forth between being extremely happy and suicidal. Ive dropped out of school and tried to find a life of my own but Im always reminded that I couldnt finish even one year of college successfully; Im a failure.I figured that since I had happy days I wasnt depressed. But now Im just not sure any more. I feel like I should go see someone or just talk to someone but that means going through my parents insurance. That means telling them that I *havent* been fine at all for over a year now.Now after convincing myself to starve myself to death then luckily talking myself out of it Im scared. Ive thought about suicide before but this was a step in the wrong direction and Im afraid that Ill go farther some day.I need to talk to someone but Im also afraid that there isnt a cure for whatever is wrong with me. What if Im told Im healthy and that I just need to stop being so dramatic? Worse if I do have some kind of disorder or whatever it is what then? I go on medication for the rest of my life? Id just confirm what I already know: Im broken and I should just be thrown away and replaced by someone better.tl;dr- Does it ever get better even with treatment?
depression, As of today Im 24 weeks pregnant. My baby is officially viable. Its a really big mile stone. But I cant get out of bed. I dont trust myself to do anything. All I can think is now for the first time since I found out I was growing this perfect little human I could kill myself and shed still have a chance. I can give in and give up and she could make it. Every week I make it she gets stronger and better. But its a better chance that my death wont hurt her too much. Its an inverse relationship. The bigger she gets the less she needs me and the less of a reason I have for being here. Maybe it would almost be better. I know all the chemicals of my depression are toxic to her tiny little body. I know Im hurting her. I already feel like a failure as a mother. Who knows what negative effects shes getting because I cant be normal and function and just not feel like shit. I cant talk to anyone about it. I tried at my first OB appointment. Said I was getting sad again and I wanted to get it under control before it got so bad that I gave up. The nurse acted like I was going to off myself right there in the office. She even took away the pen I was using for paper work. Told me to go to the ER and be admitted that any medication that worked in the past would hurt my baby. That they had to keep me for observation before anything. Like a rat in a lab. I didnt. I couldnt. I felt ashamed. I just wanted help. I wasnt this bad. Now Im afraid. Im afraid of myself and the power my babys viability gives me. I even tried telling my boyfriend. That her viability means I dont have to be so scared of something happening to me that the doctors would save her. He asked if that meant I wasnt scared of car accidents anymore. I said I was a little less afraid of what I can do to her. He said thats good. Its good that my suicide wont kill my baby too. Thats positive. I havent told him I want to die. The closest I can get is I dont want to exist anymore. Begging him to stay so Im not alone with these thoughts. Begging for a way out of this house and this environment that only makes me worse. Begging for any sort of validation that he wont leave me like every one else that hell stay and help me get better. I dont know what I need. I dont know what I hope to get out of this post. But I think I just need to get it some where out side of my.
depression, I dont think I even qualify to post on this subreddit since my case is probably not that bad. When something bad happens I just feel so useless all the time like I cant do anything right and it doesnt help that people around me asks why I cant do something so simple. I feel like everyone is better than me so much that I dont even know why I exist in the first place.
depression, Hello all. I apologize ahead of time for how long this is...     I dont know where to begin. I am 22 male. Most of my life I have been a very happy and outgoing person at least when Im around others. If you were to ask anyone that knows me they would honestly say Im probably one of the nicest people they know Ive developed quite a reputation. I was very self-conscious growing up for a number of reasons. Although Im pretty inteligent I have always struggled in school. I wasnt officially diagnosed with adhd until my senior year of high school which is when I started taking meds for it. I believe that my adhd has delayed my emotional maturity and social awareness by about 3 or 4 years.      I was a very late bloomer and didnt hit puberty till I was 15 which was the cause for a lot of teasing in middle school and early high school. Also in early high school I went through a period where I broke my arms 3 times in 2 years by the 3rd time people were really letting me have it. I dont think they were trying to be mean but they certainly werent trying to be sensitive either. I played sports in high school but was always one of the worst players on the team. My senior year I was on the basketball team and my coach would scream at me multiple times every single practice for months. Im pretty sure he did this because I was a senior (private school) and he couldnt cut me from the team so I think he was trying to get me to quit. Although I was literally terrified to go to practice every single day I never quit and endured it because I refused to be bullied off the team by some 50 year old gym class hero. Some of the things he would say to me became jokes throughout the school but I rolled with it like a good sport because I didnt want people to think I was a pussy. I had friends and wasnt at the bottom of the social ladder but i was pretty close. Now at 22 I am doing much better for myself and have overcome a lot of my psychological problems. I have gained some weight working out (use to be extremely skinny) and have gotten way better at sports. I also produce music and this has become the passion of my life. I have taught myself how to play the piano drums and bass guitar over the years without any help and I am very proud of this.      All of this is to say that I am much more confident now but for the first time in my life I am battling with significant depression. I spent 4 and a half hours today laying on my bed thinking about how much I hate myself. I wish I wasnt such a different and delayed person. I feel like I have to work twice as hard just to keep up with everybody else and Im sick of it. I feel like absolutely no one appreciates my kindness and all I get in return is ignorant teasing. I spend all my free time thinking about the universe and life and what were doing here on this planet. I think about the importance of love and how if everyone in the world at least respected each other it would be a much better place. I find myself getting extremely frustrated by how everyone else in my life is constantly caught up in petty bullshit. The only things people talk about in my social circles are how annoying work is theyre favorite tv show and how stupid [put name here] is. I havent had a genuine conversation in months maybe even years. I feel like I have just wasted my time and effort in things that this superficial world doesnt give two shits about. Ive never had a girlfriend or even a date for that matter. Why I have absolutely no idea. I see dumber meaner people just cycle through an endless wheel of significant others all the time. Im not even jealous of them just confused. Ive asked out my share of girls but theyve all managed to get my hopes up only to turn me down every single one.      I came from a middle class suburban home my parents even pay for my college tuition and I understand that in the grand scheme of things I have absolutely no right to complain. This depression has caused some intense anger as well. Earlier today I broke my door by slamming it as hard as physically possible about 10 times. Now my parents are very hesitant to talk to me and I have been acting like a dick all week. Im posting this mostly to vent but also to say that depression at this level is entirely new to me and I have no idea how to cope with it I feel like its defeating me. For you veterans out there how the hell do you beat this thing???
depression, Is this a problem for other people?Whenever I try ANY (and yes I mean ANY) techniques related to Cognitive Behavioral Therapy I IMMEDIATELY get pissed off and angry. Whenever I try any sort of exercise that involves me trying to reconsider my cognitive biases and thinking traps its almost like my mind doubles down on the negative thoughts and I always end up in a worse mood than before.Does anyone who has tried CBT before had this problem? I feel like Im in a complete catch-22 situation. I understand intellectually that CBT is generally effective for most people with depression and/or anxiety but literally EVERY TIME I try doing it I get into this deep defeatist attitude that prevents me from gaining anything out of it. Its extremely frustrating.I would be surprised if a single person even responds to this. I never get a fucking response on this subreddit. ...Sorry...just a bit of salt.
depression, I really need to talk to someone but currently in no position to do so thought I might try posting this on reddit to see if I felt better. Background: Im in an amazing PhD program and doing what I like though it places me far away from home my roommates are practically like family. However last year I had a really bad break up and followed by some more pressure situations I ended up messing up an entire semester and taking a medical leave after that. I came back this spring after spending a lot of time with my family and friends and felt like Id gotten over the depression completely and dove back into course work and research. However I was dealing with twice the workload and slowly but surely things started coming apart in spite of the fact that I was really enjoying studying and working - it just became too much to handle. All of which resulted in today where I missed a final presentation. Im trying to muster up the courage to write an email to the professor requesting an extension but I have a feeling like I have zero chances of passing all my subjects. Last three days Ive been unable to work and have spent my days watching netflix and other irrelevant stuff. I feel like a failure yet again and I feel like Im going to have to quit the program and return home. My parents have been very supportive of whatever decision I choose to make but it still hurts. Im sure there are options to be explored and I could probably try to find my way out of this but it all seems terribly bleak right now just because I dont think I can talk to anyone. Any words of advice or any shared experiences? P.S - Somehow feel marginally better at having reached the end of the post and about to press enter.
depression, I will kill myself in 1 week try and coax me out of it I dare you
depression, I would love to get the communitys thoughts and ideas on this.
depression, I think Im depressed. The past few years have been kind of hellish. Three family members dead. Me chronically ill and with chronic pain that impacts my daily life severely with no real solutions in sight. Havent accomplished anything. Ever really but certainly not in the past 7 years or so. Had a crap childhood I cant stop thinking about lately. Am not really a part of the small bit of family I have left. I feel like Im just a burden to them always in a sour mood always in pain and complaining always sick. I have no plans for my future no treatments to help my illness or pain. Theres just nothing. I look to my future and all I see is more of this. Me rotting away in my shitty apartment alone and sick. I cant find one path out of this. I just see an endless road of more of this crap thats been my whole life more or less. How do you even start to get out of this kind of situation? Ive tried CBT. Several therapists. Tried regular therapy also several therapists. Doesnt help me. Helped anxiety a bit but nothing else. Cant take antidepressants because of my illness.
depression, 17m. Im a bit lost rn honestly. My parents have forced me to go to some new school which I hate. I have no friends here despite my consistent efforts. I spend my time studying roaming around the school or just hiding in the toilets waiting for the day to be over. I study mathematics which I am honestly finding ridiculously easy and this is incredibly boring. I dont have a ton of friends from my old school who Im still particularly close with. I am infatuated with a girl from my old school somebody I have become very close with. I admitted my feelings to her very recently and ended up getting completely rejected. Perhaps I saw her as the only real hope I had at having some form of happiness and her rejection is just showing me how utterly miserable my life is. I feel like Ive lost her as a friend now too and honestly I dont think I could get over her if I continued our friendship. It feels as if nothing will ever end and it just makes me want to end it all.
depression, If ur thinking about killing yourself just know that doing so will prevent u from making things better in the future u will never see if things will end up being okay or not
depression, Im struggling to see the bigger picture.Right now I stay up past 5 am sleep in until early afternoon and usually nap in the early evening and repeat. I barely eat drink water and I havent been able to get back into exercising. Certainly these are all things I need to figure out and work on but my main concern is my lack of ability to see a future for myself.Ive never been able to think of myself in the future. I just dont see myself succeeding or doing anything particular. One passion Ive come to realize is learning about history and literature however attending university for such seems impossible. I get so depressed working minimum wage jobs and dont make enough to get by ***and*** attend university I have no idea how Ill ever be able to do it. Even if I made enough to get by and attend university via student loans or whatever I couldnt possibly study and work and be able to pass my classes itd be too much and part-time studies would take too long and cost too much in the long run.So Im just sitting here crying so tired at 24 of essentially accomplishing nothing no direction and I cant see a future for myself whatever that means. I have dreams I just dont see how I can possibly achieve them. It all feels so impossible. Not looking for any toxic positivity or you can do it! comments.
depression, I just move from place to place. No friends no family no support. I was abused as a child so I can imitate the person that is worth loving but cant maintain it. Im not even strong enough or committed enough to kill myself.
mentalhealth, Youll have to have those shitty needles that hurt like fuck. Kind Regards Cider.
mentalhealth, I(20f) recently got back on my mood stabilizers medication for my Bipolar II and although it’s certainly had an effect on my sub-manic episodes my depressions are less effected. I’m still struggling with the heavy despair that comes with the troughs in my mood swings. Sometimes it gets so bad that I’ll be perfectly numb for an entire day and suddenly get completely blindsided by a wave of sorrow and just start sobbing. It can be really hard to deal with but there’s a comfort in it. Even though I’m sad now I know it doesn’t last. I still have moments of pure joy and enjoyment in life. I still love experiencing those happy times even during times when all seems dark. If I have to shed a few tears every once in a while in order to feel love and happiness any other time it’s a price I’m willing to pay.
depression, I want to die I hate every aspect of my life. Nothing is good and nothing has been going good. I want to die. My family hates me I have no friends I dont eat I barely sleep I just sit around all day answering my snapchats from people that dont even know my own name. My father has painkillers in his closet. I just hope its enough if its not. my family has four bottles of advil and tylenol that will surely finish me off. I dont think I will do it now or tonight but I want to I want to die.
depression, Like the title says I’m just a complete mess at the moment. I try to distract myself with music and playing guitar but nothing seems to help at the moment.
socialanxiety, I’m talking head turns/tapping their friends shoulder/staring at me kind of stuff. But my anxiety and lack of social fucking skills has me living like a fucking incel and it’s literal torture. My life is passing me by and it feels like I can’t do anything about it
mentalillness, I’ve been taking 25mg of Seroquel and 50mg of Seroquel XR for about four and a half years now. Over those years I’ve been able to improve my mental health drastically and I’m nearly back to being the person I once was. In September I stopped taking the 25mg of Seroquel. It was a bit of a rough week with some light nausea headaches and anxiety over how I was feeling. After my body adjusted my mental health remained unchanged and because of that I wanted to come off the 50mg of Seroquel XR as well. I’ve become very tired of dealing with the endless list of side effects particularly the weight gain. Last Wednesday with the help of my doctor I took my last pill. He wrote a script for 25mg of Seroquel (which was a bit annoying because I had just weened off it) to take to help ween me off. The first five days everything went pretty great with the only real tissue being one bad migraine and some excessive sweating. On day 6 the nausea began but unlike the last time this nausea was quite intense. I eventually started throwing up as the days passed and the nausea didn’t let up. I’m still able to drink normally but I’m eating very minimally. I was just curious what others experiences were as they came off the same medication. Light nausea I can handle but when it reaches this level it becomes a huge trigger for my anxiety. I’m doing a pretty good job at staying on top of my anxiety when it spikes but it’s definitely becoming harder for me to do and I’m worried these might not be withdrawal side effects and that I should return back on the medication. Any advice or personal experiences is appreciated.
depression, Especially when saying bye like it might be such a weird thing but I just feel like my mind goes blank
depression, TLDR My fiancé shot herself while pregnant with our child august 10th 2021. My family is absent and looks down upon me. I victimize myself in their eyes. I am overwhelmed with guilt. I don’t know where my fiancé is buried and cannot find help to find her. I realize how disposable I am with my friends and family. I wake up every morning in the same apartment with dread and hate until I smoke the nerve away into a demotivated state that I hate to be in. I want to stop all of this. I want to sleep. I don’t know where to turn.
depression, Im so tired of barely getting by. Bills after bills just to stay afloat in this pointless life of mine. Im hungry and broke :(
depression, Well besides coming off medication because while it worked great it was also suppressing all my other emotions and I hate that. And in general I just dont want to be medicated anymore. But what I mean by no reason is that depression or not I am so wholly aware of how privileged I am fully employed roof over my head any kind of food or vacation or object I want family and friends... everything. I should be thriving. And maybe on the outside I look perfectly fine and successful and confident. On the inside I feel like a failure I feel ugly I feel like I never lived up to my privilege or took advantage of something that most people would die to have.I am depressed get more depressed because I know I am squandering what I have cant stop squandering and then get more depressed. The cycle in my head wont stop.I really do wonder if anyone can see how lonely and damaged I feel actually completely rotten. My outside always looks so perfectly serene and professional. No one has ever reached out to me literally not even once because Ive become so good at hiding everything.
depression, Hi Ive (M23) been struggling with this question all my life since I was a little boy  when people asked me whats the reason of life I always answered my family or to seek knowledge... But now theres been like 5 years that I really dont see the point of this theres no happiness knowledge family or any trascendental  reason I could seek; I dont understand nor can agree  when Ive been talking with friends and psychologists about this topic because all their reasons at the end dont even matter why i would seek everything that  is so insignificant or inconsequential that in some point all those things will dissappear.  This is getting out of hand and my last psychologist just helped me realize how fucked I am because he agreed that theres no real reason of life in my perspective. Im studying and trying to keep living without thinking too much why but this is going unbearable.Another point of view given from a friend is to learn how to live and be the moment forget all kind of logic and just  eat the ice cream without thinking why... Id love to be like that but idk howEdit: as always sorry Im not an English speaker so... Yeah
depression, I suppose I should start from the beginning.  In high school I had really good grades I was in a good position of being the top of my class I was in extra curricular activities that I loved doing had a group of friends that were always there for me and I met my first girlfriend who I am still with.  I knew what I wanted to study in college where I wanted to go for college and what I wanted to be after I graduate.Everything seemed to start falling apart in 11th grade.  I spent a full month of my time studying for the SAT and the AP tests for the classes I was taking.  My teachers were telling me that they believed I could pass it.  When the time came to see my results I did terrible.  I didnt pass any of my AP test and got an SAT score that I was not proud of.Fast forward to my senior year.  I decided to retake the SAT in hopes of getting a better score.  I ended up doing worse the second time.  I started applying for multiple scholarships and to colleges that were good for my intended major.  In November I didnt hear back from any of the scholarships that I applied for and if I did it was a letter telling me that I didnt get it.  During that month I got a letter from the college I wanted to go to.  It was a rejection letter.  I was devastated.  For weeks I didnt go out or anything and it really affected how I was.  I get a letter from the college in my hometown telling me that I was given a scholarship.  Being the only school that did it where I decided to go.  When graduation came my counsellor told me I would be graduating 3rd not valedictorian or salutatorian as I was working hard all of high school to be.  Their GPA was 0.1 and 0.01 higher than mine and that made me feel worthless.  And on top of that I failed my AP tests once again.I then went to orientation for the college where they told me that I couldnt take the classes for my intended major as I didnt meet the prerequisites for them.  So they placed me in a pre-program for my major.  I also saw that the scholarship gives little to no help in paying my tuition.  Last week I see how much I owe for the semester and see that it has to be paid in full by next Monday.  I didnt know how to apply for the loans I qualified for.  I asked during orientation but all they told me was that I wouldnt have to worry about that until before school starts.  Now Im trying to get this done last minute before the payment is due.I feel completely helpless and depress.  Ive been crying myself to sleep  and other moments during the day and I havent been eating right for weeks now.  I feel like I cant get through this and that I should dropout at let my life become meaningless and worthless.  All of my work that I did everything that I did and believed in has crashed down and is worthless and Im nothing more than a disappointment and waste of space.  My friends and girlfriend have tried to help and comfort me telling me that things will work out but I dont see how.  I feel I should just give up...
depression, Im so sad all the time. Barely anything makes me happy anymore. Im in school and if I keep going in my current major its going to take me an extra two years and Im already in my fourth year. I literally just want to be done. I am suicidal almost every day. I just got my Zoloft bumped up from 50 mg to 100 mg and Im hoping that helps a little. I just want to die and I can never see myself finishing school even though I want to so bad. I just want to die and get my life over with. The only reason Im hanging on is because of the few friends I have and my parents. I would hate to them plan a funeral for me. I just want something to make me happy. I need something to reinspire my want to live.
depression, I was cleaning the workspace (I clean in the weekends) and I found a note on the wall behind a workstation and it reads:*I am here for myselfIts ok to have feelings (somewhat roughly translated)I am usefulI am importantI am good the way I am*I have a sneaking suspicion whose note it is as they sometimes work the weekends too. They once mentioned being in therapy for what I assume is depression or anxiety. Once they had to take pictures of happy moments for therapy.I feel like leaving an encouraging note next to that note. Something like:*Your colleagues are happy youre hereYou are usefulYou are importantYou are perfect just the way you are* But I dont know if its good to interfere with their therapy. Like they should get motivation from within not from others. I also fear that it might come over as just a bunch of empty compliments. Or they might actually be happy to see that someone appericiates them.What would be the right move to make?
mentalhealth, Im always afraid someone will disrespect me or take me for granted somehow. I catch myself dwelling on trivial matters. For example I get upset when a cashier at a store puts my change on the counter instead of handing it to me. Whats wrong with me?
depression, Hi everybody I would greatly appreciate any advice or suggestions you may have on this situation. My girlfriend is severely depressed and has recently told me she needs professional help. The whole process is very overwhelming and daunting for her and so Im trying to explore the options on her behalf. The main issue is that her current financial situation is very bleak. Not much money and no insurance. It makes seeking help hard for her because it would worsen an already bad financial situation and feeds into this downward spiral that makes it hard for her to feel like things could get better. Does anyone know of any options or alternatives in the US in terms of therapy that could help in this situation. Thanks in advance
mentalhealth, Lately Ive noticed that when Im stressed out i feel so jittery nervous my chest feels quite heavy i have a throbbing headache and i feel real sleepy. is this normal or am i supposed to consult a dr?
depression, Im about 4mo. pregnant now. Its been about the same time as I kicked my boyfriend of 10 years out. Hes an alcoholic and a drug addict.  I didnt understand at first because Ive never known an addict and I thought it was something you could just stop. Apparently  Its deeper than that. Hes lied deceived stolen. I just couldnt take it anymore and I decided that I needed to worry about me and my baby. Well since hes gotten worse. I try to focus on work because it keeps me busy. I even try to get out but each time that things seem to be going well for me. He shows up and fucks it all up. Its not easy to see the person that you love deteriorating each time you see them.I have no family in this state and have no friends. To break my lease itd cost 3 monthsnrent and I can barely make as it is. I dont qualify for government assistance because I make too much. However  the car the bills the 3 maxed out credit cards that he had promised to help pay off have fallen on me.  So I still need his help financially. Yet hes always broke despite making more than me.He is living in his truck now and parks it outside.  He shows up randomly and each time does something stupid. The other day he stole $40 from my baby fund jar. I noticed right away and threatened to tell his work about his substance abuse and he gave it back plus $20 more. Yesterday  he showed up belligerent drunk.  Im so depressed to the point where I have exhausted my sick days. Ive been in bed for 4 days now. I just dont see any end to this. I want to be with my family but im stuck and I dont know what to do.  I dont know how im going to get up for work tomorrow.  I feel like I cant function.  I feel guilty for being unable to keep it together for the baby. I dont even want to talk to anyone. Im fucked.  Unpaid maternity leave coming up and I have no idea what im going to do. i go to therapy and to naranon meetings but i still cant get it together.
depression, Hey whoever is reading this sorry. I’ve never posted on anything about something like this before despite being on reddit for over two years. I don’t know if I want people to read this or I’m just doing this because it’s three in the morning and I just can’t stand trying to breathe anymore. My biological parents still don’t want me. My adopted parents don’t care about me they never call or respond to my texts seeing if I can come see them or they can come see me. My friends all say they have plans but hang out without me. My best friend the guy who made it all worth it killed him self three days before my birthday. The girl that I told I was in love with said she felt the same way but she’s out tonight with another guy at a party sitting in his lap and is going home with him tonight. I’m 19 and still can’t talk to girls. I don’t know what I want but I think it’s just to be wanted. None of my coworkers really care about me even though they say we’re friends. I’m in an executive position in every group I’m a part of in hopes that it’ll impress anyone my family my friends a girl anyone. I can’t drink because it just makes me more reckless. I can’t focus half of the time because I’m so drawn into my own head. I constantly have nightmares of being back in my biological dads house being beaten everyday and told I should just end my life to make everyone else’s easier. I’ve been bulimic for two years but no one seems to care or notice even though I’ve lost over 80 pounds. I lay awake at night thinking of different ways to get anyone to want to be around me. To want me. To even think of me. For what? Why should I even try anymore. I haven’t tried to kill myself since I was 15 and the only reason I didn’t drown was because my foot slipped out of the wire. I thought it was a sign to keep going that there was a light I had to reach. I’m going to college all on my own and no one has even said that they’re proud of that let alone that I have it all payed for by myself. No one at parties wants to talk to me. No one at home wants to talk to me. I finally stopped selling drugs because my mom could afford rent on her own again. I can’t enjoy sex because I was raped my first time and woke up during so it doesn’t ever feel like love or even enjoyable. Every day I wake up and loose a little bit more of my will to live. I don’t want to be here. I don’t want to be alive. All I want is to be wanted but I’ve realized that’s too much. I just want to disappear forever and just stop being.
depression, I hate looking like them.I hate being compared to them psychically.I hate the name they gave me.I hate the trauma they gave me.I hate the fact that I doomed from the start. I hate the fact my bio mom got knocked up by a man that looks like a fuckin rat and didn’t give me a chance to look normal. I hate it so fuckin much that no amount of surgery will detach myself from them no matter what I do
mentalhealth, i can just be sitting down watching day time tv and suddenly i will get so angry and i feel like i need to scream my head of at someone and sometimes for the feeling to go away i literally need to scream to myself i wouldnt characterize myself  as a violent person but i get the feeling that i need to punch something and its almost always out of control. it takes over my whole body and i almost always can not control myself in the fits of rage i go through and it appears to be getting worse.
depression, I looked at my Notes app and saw all these notes I completely forgot about all talking about how I felt at those times.
depression, Honestly I barely even want to explain in detail. Im sick of trying to socialize with people Im sick of being rejected Im sick of everyone blowing me off and Im sick of people trying to drag me into doing things I dont want to do while skipping the things I do. Im so fucking tired of it I just decided to delete my facebook account without a word. Ive decided I dont care anymore and everyone can go to hell.
depression, Ive been seriouslly considering suicide today. Ive thought about it before but now it really feels like the best option. I dont like myself. Im tired of people having high expectations for me then letting them down. Im tired of constantly attempting to make people feel wanted then feel unwanted. Im tired of over-thinking things and pushing people away and sinking further into depression. Im tired of living.
mentalhealth, This has been happening for almost 3 years in my life. Of course I know how to walk physically I just compared what has been happening with me in other areas of my life with walking.It happened 30 minutes ago too that was the breaking point and hence I am here.- I am not comfortable with sharing my problems with my parents so please dont suggest me to do that.- I dont have real friends either so cant discuss with them too.- What really goes through my mind:Mind- Lets do this task. You have done this before and you still know the procedure.*Starts doing it. Goes wrong. Messes up.Mind- What?!? But how did I go wrong?!?! I have two options either check the whole process again and find out whatwent wrong or start it all over. But both of them seem to be useless because you know how to do it! Both of themwill require some work. Lets leave the problem there only and escape!My mind craves for dopamine at this point and earlier I used to resort to cheap ways of getting it (and then wasting time) but this time I am not.The problems are still there there is a part of me who still wants to win by overcoming all of them but 90% of me is hopeless and in self doubt because I mess up the things which I know and have done before.EDIT- Sorry if this post doesnt belong here if so then please suggest me a better subreddit so I can post it there.
depression, Idk whats going in life anymore.Im ridoculously unmotivated and Im trying to keep with the school thing. But I genuinely dont feel anything like why does it even matter?  Ps i recently took a picture of myself and i can see the death in my eyes. Like there is genuinely no emotion😂 everything is numbDoes anyone else relate or have any thing to say about it?
depression, I could write a chapter but I will keep it as simple as possible. I (44M) was abused by both parents and molested by somebody else for years in my childhood. I had a decade of drinking/partying going to Europe ect in my 20s. At 30 I met the perfect woman and we got married. We were married for 7 years before she finally wanted to have my baby. She starts changing after he was born (Also at this time her sister suddenly died of Cancer in her 30s her stepdad died suddenly on a trip with his wife and then her mom moved across the country). I asked for marriage counseling and we went. It was always me with her something I needed to change. It seemed like I got along with the counselor more than my wife did. She insisted I sell my martial arts school something Ive done and been preparing for my entire life. It was hurting financially but I would have slept there to keep it. I sold to my instructor and still worked there. It was still in a financial mess (location) and he sold without telling me (another betrayl) so I lost my school. The counselor said her sessions were always about me and mine were always about making myself better. She divorced me 2 years after having my only son and left me devastated. The counselor said he wondered how much one person could change. 8 months later were back together and having sex. I date her. I then move in (she says I forced her too) and even a month b 4 started having insane panic attacks. They continued for months and I eventually got $uic!dal. I couldnt eat/sleep and lost 30 lbs in 2 months. I went to ER and psych ward all the time. She eventually said I cant come home unless I stopped having panic attack for a week so I went to hotel. That was a disaster and went to big psyc ward and she went no contact. 2 months in a Dr comes in and says I have a thyroid condition. I never had another panic attack but had to stay another 2 months.I start seeing my son again and Im bitter. Anyways we go on and off for 2 more years (5 Total). Finally I accept everything and try to be amazing because I love her and wont give up on my family. She keeps seeing me then and pushing me away. Over and over. Im about to have my lease up and she wont make a decision on me. I force her to tell me if Im getting my family back and its just bad. I said just say no cause wtf its obvious after all this time she still dont know. So she says it.I have 4 different mental health conditions. Its hard for me to support myself. Shes all I had I have no one else. I feel devastated. I have my son here and I just keep fighting back tears yet again. My life has been full of abuseneglectbackstabbing and disapointment. I dont want to do this anymore. Whats going to happen to me? Am I going to become homeless? I dont know what to do.
depression, Yesterday my best friend talked about going shopping at this place near my house and I was like hey you should hit me up if you decide to go. He gave vague responses to me but then eventually said K so I thought maybe hed invite me. I dont really get out very much apart from school so I was kind of excited but hours went by without him saying anything and I was starting to feel like it was dumb to get my hopes up since he probably just decided not to go or just went by himself. But no someone *else* snaps me a video of him with her there. So I figured I was just being completely ignored and abandoned and forgotten and felt like absolute shit because hey I guess I was right that nobody would want to do stuff with me anyway. Maybe hes not even a real friend and just talks to me because he feels bad for me or some stupid shit like that. It hurt a shit ton and i started using the blade of a scissors to try and cut my wrist and I couldnt even do that right i guess didnt draw any blood but it left a lot of scratch marks.The thing Im most pissed at myself about is that I even jumped to that assumption at all though. He messaged me later before I even said anything and he apologized because he knew he told me about that and he didnt mean to hurt me and it was senseless of him and my bad and all that and reaffirmed that im his best friend too. I felt a little better after that but Im such a fucking dumbass for doing that and ive felt really anxious about trying to hide it under my sleeves all day today because I fucked up and left marks that are going to last for at least a few days over literally nothing. I do this shit all the time whenever theres some unknown question with a slightly negative possible answer and i always assume the absolute worst and it makes me feel like shit (my therapist has helped me realize that but its really difficult for me to change the habit) although it hasnt gotten to the point where i do anything significant like trying to cut before... usually i just cry a lot and lie on the floor for a few hours or something. Which I also did last night actually but thats beside the point.i guess the one good thing from last night is that i still have a friend. At least i think I do. I was really worried at first that i was just being thrown away and rejected like he was done putting up with me. But he was really understanding and considerate and im so grateful for that i dont really know what i would have done if i lost him as a friend. But i really fucking wish i could just have not jumped to that conclusion because then none of this would have needed to happen in the first place. Why am I so stupid
mentalhealth, How to you know when its your turn to talk in a conversation.  I fuck it up constantly and its really hurting my job.  Is there some sign that Im missing?  I mean wtf if I keep spurting shit out at the same time as my boss causing him to look at me like an asshole Im gonna have to find a new career.
depression, This isnt something I normally do. Usually I just bottle everything up and pretend like everythings fine but I cant right now. Ive been depressed for 11 maybe 12 years now. Ive been managing it pretty well until recently. On November 27th 2017 my son was born shortly after he passed away. I have lost all motivation and will to do anything. If I could trade places with him i absolutely would. Sorry if this is a mess its almost 6am and I havent slept yet.
depression, I havent been right for a long time. i feel lost like i dont belong anywhere. and i should go to the doctors but i dont want to because i dont know if depression or whatever this is can be cured. if i get diagnosed with it does that mean i just have it and am labelled as so forever. i can never be that happy little boy again?i recently opened up about a few insecurities to someone and i instantly felt like i was blaming people like my old friends for not backing me up in certain situations. for seeing my friend get cheated on and it ruining him and having trust issues myself because of it. i felt guilty for saying these things like i was putting why i dont like myself down to others... which is probably right to feel guilty because they dont completely make me.i dont know what i want to hear i just need someone to read this.
depression, At 25 years old I’ve just realized this. It’s like people who have partners just don’t understand. When you’re 25 and have never had one before it’s just hard to justify living. What scares me most is being 50. My parents will probably be dead and I will still be alone with no one to live for or with.
depression, On Wednesday night of last week it was my worst nightmare.To provide context; I suffer from anxiety/panic attacks and depression. I also have an extreme panic reaction to shame/embarrassment. I also have a phobia of vomiting (myself or anyone else) - which always results in a panic attack or breakdown of some kind.Also context; I am currently in interview processes for an internal promotion in my dept. I am a star employee and have been one of the consistently top performers in my company for the past 8 years. Wednesday I went to a staff holiday party. Earlier in the day I had not been feeling overly well - I had eaten sushi for lunch and I distinctly recall eating some and thinking wow thats fishy/weird tasting I hope its OK and doesnt make me sick.Fast forward to the staff party. Everyone is drinking/having some snacks. I ate a little snack that was being passed around and felt a little queasy but shrugged it off thinking I just didnt like the taste. Alcohol-wise I had only a glass and a half of champagne (not much for me I usually can knock back quite a few).I am standing at a table with some co-workers including an HR rep. Another co-worker says here try this drink no idea what it was. I take one sip. The minute it hits my stomach I vomit. All over my arm the bar stool and the floor. There was no warning signs - it happened so fast I almost didnt believe what had happened.MY BOSS SAW THE WHOLE THING HAPPEN. THE BOSS WHO DECIDES MY PROMOTION. (I didnt find this out until later....the HR rep assured me she did not see but was wrong - see below.)I was so incredibly embarrassed my co-workers around me started offering me napkins to clean up at this point my brain decided to shut off the record of events as I went into a full blown panic attack. The next 2-3 hours are extremely spotty and I only have flashes of recollection.I know a close co-worker took me outside gave me a cigarette and sat with me while I called my husband. I was hysterical convinced everyone thought I was wasted convinced I was going to be fired convinced I just blew all my chances at a promotion. I sat outside and hyperventilated and cried a bit more and then decided to clean myself up and go back inside. My close co-worker friend stayed by my side the whole time. She heard me saying suicidal things but I am not sure who else might have heard me say things like I want to die and I want to kill myself.I was terrified to leave the party lest everyone think I was wasted drunk and had to go home. I stood quietly at a side table with a glass of water until people began leaving. I was not ill again after that I was certainly not intoxicated just flooded with panic and fear and had to actively keep from crying.The next part I am not proud of I went back to my hotel and basically lost my mind for a good 2 hours. Just sobbing uncontrollably basically an extended panic attack. I wanted to hurt myself badly. I took a safety pin and began jabbing it into my leg. When that wasnt working to my satisfaction I began to try and scratch myself with my nails and pierce the skin. No major damage I was too exhausted to try harder.Eventually I wore myself out and went to bed.The next day I got up went to work and did my job as normal. My boss seemed normal towards me. She did not mention the incident at the party so I was praying she had not seen. I found out later that she had seen and had spoken with the same HR rep that was with me when I vomited. The HR rep approached me as a friend and wanted me to know my boss knew about it and thus starts elongated panic attack #2 - I had just finished my shift for the day when I got her text that my boss knew and had asked her about it. I told the HR rep I still had no idea why I was ill and that I thought it was related to food - because I was not intoxicated. She AGREED WITH ME - I have in writing a text from her saying she thought the same thing because I did not seem intoxicated when I was speaking with her moments before. She also AGREED to vouch for me to my boss if there was any question of my sobriety. THANK GOD it is my one saving grace - thank god thank god! The employee who gave me the drink that made me ill also said he will vouch for me he agrees I was not intoxicated.It was my worst nightmare all over again now that I knew my boss 100% knew. I was so scared that she thought I was wasted so scared that I would be punished for being sick I couldnt stop thinking about what everyone must have assumed and thought about me. This HR friend told me that she recommended I schedule some time with my boss the following week to discuss as she was tied up the next few days already. So I set up some time at the soonest possible opportunity - tomorrow (Tuesday) afternoon.At this point I began to feel suicidal again and could not keep from picking the situation apart so I reached out to my therapist to ask for her advice. She didnt think that not talking to my boss until Tuesday was a good idea because of the state it put me in so she recommended I text my boss and say something like I know you spoke w so and so Im so embarrassed I was ill at the party I had not been feeling well earlier in the day I scheduled some time for us to discuss next week but please let me know if you want to talk sooner. And my boss replied I had thought we could connect on this next week either way is fine. And thats it. I said thanks I appreciate your response and that was that.I could not sleep that evening and was still feeling so many horrible things about myself I got in touch with my psychiatrist and he put me on a higher dose of xanax and also gave me seroquel to take at night. It is helping but the anxiety spikes every time the xanax begins to wear off. And I keep having nightmares about bad situations in my past.My boss was fine the next day though nothing different no indications she was angry or I was to be penalized.Since then I have cycled from fear to despair to shame to anger to self-loathing to worthlessness picked apart every single aspect of every single interaction doubted myself 1000 times blamed myself got angry at myself examined every aspect of everything that happened that day to try and find a way to blame myself or prove my innocence I get stuck in thought loops and cant get away from myself.I am terrified that I will be painted as some kind of drunk or that my panic attack will paint me as unstable. I am terrified that I undid all of my good work and good history with the company because of the context of the situation and what it seemed like happened. It would be so easy for people to assume I drank too much and puked because of that. I think my chances at getting a promotion are gone you just dont promote someone who pukes in the middle of a party in that context it will look like they are promoting the hard-partying employee even though this is not me I am always a star employee I would never ever do something to risk my job like that.I have an appt with my therapist this evening and my psych tomorrow. I have so many feelings right now - I know my husband is upset/worried about me (and I am too) I feel ashamed for my reaction I keep picking things apart and analyzing and re-analyzing I keep having a million different thoughts about this incident and they all lead to despair.I no longer feel like dying in an active sense but more of a passive I wish I didnt have to be alive sense. I wish I could rewind time and go back and fix everything I am TERRIFIED to have the conversation with my boss tomorrow. I am trying to keep things in perspective like the fact that I saw my boss 2 days in a row after this happened and it was not mentioned nor was her attitude different than usual.I wish I could turn myself off for the next several days. Any positive feedback welcomed please do not attack me I cannot handle it right now.
mentalhealth, Hello I’m a 19yr old Latino Male born and raised in south central Los Angeles. And I need help desperately. I’ve been suffering in silence since 9 years old and idk if I’ll make it to 20 this month. I was sexually assaulted by a teacher in 3rd grade by a male teacher. I was a student in the Miramonte Elementary sexual assault scandal of 2010.I was blindfolded fondled and had cockroaches put all over my body. And at times would be forced to eat semen. This event changed my lifeAt the age of 10-11 I had to learn that what happened to me was no right I learned what sexual assault was and didn’t know it had happened to me. This is the catalyst for every single problem I have in my life. Since 14 I’ve been diagnosed with Anxiety depression bi-polar and ptsdAnd they have completely taken every single second of my waking life. To the point I didn’t know how bad I was suffering until recently. My whole life I thought everyone hated themselves I thought everyone was anxious about people and social interactions I thought it was normal to be constantly replaying those moments in my head. I thought it was normal to hide under your bed during your birthday party because you’re scared of people. I thought it was normal to be scared or men. Until I had a talk with multiple people and started picking their brains until I realized. Holy shit I’m not okay. I’m not supposed to want to kill myself it’s not okay to be emotionally empty it’s not okay to feel like the lowest smallest piece is shit there is. Growing up relation ships were hard. I got insecure quickly I wouldn’t show emotions because I believed that it made me weak: I would pretend not to care because I didn’t want to feel as if I were clingy but I’m reality I’m super clingy. I had trouble losing my virginity because it was so awkward and uncomfortable for me. But I did it anyway.I get panic attacks and sudden waves of even more depression .I never developed bond with any man and still haven’t. It makes me sad because I know my step dad loves me and so do my uncles but I can’t love them the way they love me and it fucking hurts because I needed a man in my life to teach me how to be a man. I don’t know what to do there’s still sink in inside of me that I can’t get outI started using weed last year. I liked how I felt happy at first I liked that it made me feel like a normal person I went from smoking 2 times a week to smoking 10 joints a day. During this time I met a friend His name was Brian And he helped me by letting me go to his house everyday and smoke he would smoke with me as he was also depressed . On November 13 he killed himself. He hung himself while high and drunk. And I never really got over his death. It happened and in two days I had suppressed it and never got to express my feelings Now yesterday I broke up with my girlfriend and I smoked my last joint this is the beginning of something new But I need more helpIf anyone knows a good therapist in the La area please let me know I can pay I just need help There is still so much I wish to say but this post is long enough as it isPlease anyone if you got advice I’ll take any help I can’t ask for anyone in person as I am embarrassed of my situation I want to know what it is like i feel normal
depression, I’m just over it. I’ve been suffering mentally for my entire life. I grew up in an abusive household so I don’t know if that’s why. Whatever it is I just don’t know how to fix this. I envy other people who have hobbies passions things they’re excited about. I have a great life. A home an amazing partner two sweet pets. But I always feel like a shell of a person. When I am appearing happy it feels so forced. I feel ungrateful and pathetic. I love my partner but he’s generally very mentally strong and healthy and he doesn’t understand. He doesn’t understand why I can’t just be happy and stop spiraling like this. He thinks it’s a choice. Don’t get me wrong he’s amazing and supportive to the best of his ability. I don’t expect him to understand what I’m feeling. Honestly I don’t think i’ve ever known anyone who understood fully. I can barely motivate myself to go to work and talk to the tables I serve. I have been secretly binge eating to ease my pain. And I feel like I have nobody to turn to who gets it. I can’t afford therapy. Working out has not been helping with the hole I feel inside my heart. I’m on medication and honestly I don’t know why I try with that none of them ever help me long term. I just don’t know what to do at this point.
mentalhealth, I have a friend that takes everything I  do or say negatively. If I say good things about them they say Im pretending if I do something for them an action etc they say I do it to take advantage of them in the future. If I ask them how theyre doing or be the one to initiate contact they get very angry at me and insult me say it means I expect them to give me their time and that Im selfish for sending messages. Im worried about them theyve said Im the only one they talked to and they push me away all the time. They have told me multiple times to go kill myself and that the only good thing I can do is die or that if I cared I would kill myself among other things. I tried doing things for them but they never wanted anything and it was all seen under a negative light like all I did had some mean or selfish motive. They asked me to never talk about myself or my problems and to never initiate contact. I feel horribly guilty. If I tell them how I feel they always say Im lying and that I do it to manipulate them. They call me abusive and manipulative saying that I only take. All I took is interaction and meaning because they are important to me. I never ignored them was always available gave up everything in my life to be available quickly skipped sleep many times helped a bit financially did things to show that I care tried to do things for their birthday etc. They still get angry that Im pretending to care.
depression, Hey allQuick back story. 26M after 9 months of hell I have finally been diagnosed with Dysautonomia. Basically my autonomic nervous system doesnt work as it should to balance things like heart rate blood pressure blood flow hormones etc etc..Ive had to stop work switch my study to online and now I barely go out. My partner is very understanding but I wonder for how long. These are meant to be the prime years of my life and they are being taken from me. This isnt a fatal condition but it severely impacts my day to day quality of life. I am on some medication currently but it only helps certain aspects.How do you guys keep on going on?
depression, The reality is; most of these posts get buried. Id be disinclined to say anything here but so late in the game part of mes just trying to reach out in any way possible.I have Autism Spectrum Disorder. Since around puberty Ive been moving towards the very high-functioning end of the spectrum to the point where now at 19 Im past most of the discomfort. Im extremely gifted and part of a longitudinal study by Johns Hopkins called the Study of Exceptional Talent which studies child prodigies over the course of their lifetime. Including this isnt bragging its just that the rest of my posts or comments wont give you any insight into my personality. I put up a front thats very effective and very charming in person and I impress people. But Ive hidden behind masks my entire life and even this account Im using right now is some weird grab for attention.Now that thats settled Im here obviously because Im close to dying. Im just fucking tired. I went through extensive physical verbal and emotional abuse from both of my parents since I was five with the physical lasting until I was thirteen and the rest continuing throughout the rest of my childhood. Both of my parents were always sober and they treated my older sister kindly and sheltered her from the brunt of what they were doing me so that wed grow up with mutual resentment and be less likely to report what happened. I was stabbed when I was in third grade I was burned dropped beaten kicked spit on. I have fears of dinner tables because Id be dragged from my chair and beaten at dinnertime and even from a wealthy house I used to tear into my lunches at school like a stray dog because when I was home Id wait for as long as possible before I went downstairs for food usually every hour between school days and sometimes whole weekends.I got PTSD nightmares most nights for two years when I was little. I woke up with full blown anxiety attacks shaking and terrified often with fresh injuries and I couldnt even call for Mom and Dad because they were the fucking monsters I was afraid of. This got so bad that Ive been afraid of sleeping since I was twelve and since then Ive had severe clinical insomnia.All of this shit it made me tough. It made me a hardened angry man. I stopped being violated for three reasons.1) I got big. My fathers massive and when I was thirteen Id grown to about 61.2) I did MMA and became fiercely good at it. Other kids would train for fun or to be tough I trained out of fear. At a time I was one of the best student athletes in my city without the competition-based training just the fighting training.3) I stopped reacting to being hit. I hadnt cried since I was five but Id still usual shake and make noises but I started getting quiet like a dog.The reason why Im including all of this is just because if youve read this far I need you to understand what I really am as best a stranger could. I am an isolated sad angry monster and thats what my upbringing made me. I achieved as much as I did not by my own merit but as a fear response and out of desperation for love I didnt get. I still try to get attention in other ways now Im a camwhore in the early hours of the night and morning and while I have had a fair amount of relationships almost all of them have been surface-deep on my side.The important part isnt all of this its the person who saved me from it. I met someone who is fucking amazing through Johns Hopkins at about the time my insomnia started. I was angry withdrawn and a nasty little piece of shit. But this person this wonderful fucking person saved me from it. She was this gentle tiny little gay girl. She was the first person I met smarter than me and the first person to hug me or say that they loved me. She was everything. She showed me it was okay to let people in and the most impressive thing about her was that a few other strangers had tried but even at the age of twelve she had the laser-precise emotional sensitivity and wisdom to be able to pull me out from the very delicate hole I was in.She died in January on the 18th. She had an abusive ex named Austin and Austin has schizophrenia. Theyd been together about a year earlier and Austin was trying to get back into her life a few months before but it fizzled off. He got extremely high on something that wasnt normal and he found her in a public library and dragged her off somewhere more private where he beat her to death. She was found by an employee closing up with her skull caved in lying on carpet soaked through with her vomit and blood less than a week before her birthday. Now every birthday every holiday every fucking day is a reminder that Im alone again. I never got fucking presents or parties past second grade because after that its not as suspicious if the kid with Aspergers doesnt throw a big shindig with all his classmates. My life was a planned and perfectly constructed hell calculated by a bizarre pair of brilliant sociopaths. And I fucking chose it to be. I didnt report things even after I stopped hoping that theyd love me because ruining what little structure I had and watching my family be prosecuted for something I said isnt something Id put myself through. And ALL of that would be fucking okay if I had her back. Even one day to say goodbye and to say thank you. Closure doesnt fucking help if the door was closed for you. Closed before you even knew that door fucking existed. I lost my best and only true friend. I dont eat I dont sleep I dont fuck I dont smile. I havent laughed for anything other than the appearance of mental health in the better portion of a year and Im thinking of starting heroin again. Im angry and in pain and Im only interested in the advice of those who read the whole thing. Please. I appreciate all of it but Im at the end of wits I didnt have in the first place. I know my life sounds like the Book of Job and like it might just be made up but it isnt and I need you to take it seriously if you leave a comment. Im just about ready to end it but fuck it; I want a reaction and I deserve to get one without a social worker ham-handedly digging a hole through my livelihood.
depression, Im damaged as hell... I dont remember how am I I dont remember what happened what makes me like this.I feel empty all the time I have really bad memory I have no feelings... I want to say it hurts but it doesnt.I wish if I can cry but I cant.
mentalhealth, So many times prices are obscure and quality is hard to know beforehand. What was your process?
mentalhealth, Well let’s start of with the fact that I’m 14M. About three months ago I was really productive and motivated I was drawing a lot (drawing is my main hobby and I like to get better at it) I was really motivated in working out and even lost 13 kg of fat and put on 2-3 kg of muscle was getting good sleep was talking a lot with friends/classmates even though it was online. But in the past one month or so I’ve just been getting piled with work for the first time I got A’s instead of A+’s in my final marks last year and that leased up to my mom saying that she has no confidence in me for this coming exams (in a week) and my dad saying he’s gonna cut everything out if I don’t get 100% scores. I’ve never really been a writer as in taking much notes in class so I just wrote it down after class or in the weekends but my dad didnt approve of this and told me to complete everything or he’s going to have to use other methods of negotiation. Because of this I all I’ve been doing for the past 3.5 weeks is studying and writing for up to 10 hours straight in a day after class (7:50 am - 2:pm). I’ve never been the most happy-go-lucky out there person if anything I’ve always been a bit down but for these past weeks I’ve had no time nor any motivation to workout something I was addicted to just a month ago. I can’t draw on the laptop anymore because they don’t trust me with it but I don’t really ever feel like drawing anymore. I haven’t been able to talkto most of my friends for a month ive been only getting about 4-6 hours of sleep on weekdays my head hurts all the time and I don’t feel like socializing at all even though I’m an introvert I’d at least spend some time with my younger brothers but now I don’t even feel like doing that. It’s almost like I can feel the expectations coming from my family since out of my cousins I’m the next in line for board exams and my cousin sis managed a 497.5/500 and I’m supposed to beat that. I keep having and losing appetite too and I know this is out of the ordinary but it feels like even my hair is falling out/ getting thinner way faster than normal (my whole family has horrible hair genetics.) But I still don’t know if this is just me being tired from all my work or it’s something about my mental health it’s not like I’m gonna get therapy if I told them I was feeling down since my parents won’t believe therapy is necessary so I just brushed it off as tiredness but today I woke up and I felt nothing so I wanted to really know if this is a sign that my mental health is going down.In any case thank you for reading this far I really appreciate it and any participation in this is highly helpful!
depression, So yeah basically we had a talk about how i feel and now he doesn’t want to see me cause i was being “Too Negative“ and ruining his Positive vibes and he’s upset that i want to talk to a psychologist when he himself can fix me (while all he does is telling me to snap out of my phase lmao)So i guess thats just it and i dont think I’ll ever be able to trust someone with my feelings ever so horay...But overall...damn humans are so fucked up.
depression, i cant help but compare myself to the only two friends that i have. all three of us are in different places now and i still really want to be in contact with them and have a good connection to them but? it just feels like theyll forget me even though we do meet up every so often...im already pushing them away with this shit mentality of mine and im just a toxic person in general. my best friend out of the two is really supportive and im happy to still be friends with her but i feel really bad at the same time. i depend on her too much and i can feel her getting tired of how i am. they both are capable of being sociable where ive lost that years ago  im already two years into this place and havent made a single connection to anyone so i know ill never be able to againeveryone here has some sort of talent or specialty (being in the band sports singing) and its been really hard to find the crowd of people like myself that dont have that sort of thing so i just feel pathetic. maybe im good at academics but what am i going to actually do with it? i dont have a career i look forward to anymore. im just going to have a shit dead-end minimum wage job at best. im wasting my potential that couldve gone to someone else worse off than me and i can feel how disappointed my parents are in meno therapy because my mom doesnt believe in it and neither does my father. my mom believes that i am copying my sibling who had depression in highschool
depression, To clarify it usually starts with someone asking lots of questions I cant answer or only have answers I know someone isnt going to accept. And then after not to long I cant talk anymore. Then someone gets really mad and starts yelling at me. Then I sometimes find someone really silly (like a young child pretending to be angry) and cant keep myself from laughing.. someone might be a parent.Similar experiences anyone?(Sorry if this is the wrong sub just figured since I have depression and this might have something to do with that Ill try and post it here.)
depression, Objectively I have a lot going for me right now. But Im depressed.  Trying a new therapist and I just got on prozac for the first time. I really hope I feel better soon.
depression, Its not comfortable feeling numb.  I just wanted to make the Pink Floyd referance.  But yeah im numb.  I was really depressed and today I got hurt so bad that it doesnt hurt.  Its like when you get cut so deep it severs the nerves and you dont feel pain.  Its a terrible feeling though.  I want to die.
depression, My grandmother passed away last night and I wasnt there. Its been almost a year since Ive seen her. In fact the last time I saw her was at my moms funeral. She told my mom she would see her soon. Its been really hard lately. My moms birthday was May 20th. She passed away June 28th of last year. Her health had been declining. She was only 61 though. She and I hadnt spoken to each other in about 3 or 4 years because she was a narcissist and I had to cut her off for my own mental health. I ultimately was the one who had to make the decision to stop life saving measures so that was hard since I had no up to date knowledge other than what my uncle had told me the day of. They called me in the middle of them doing chest compressions. Now my grandmother. Who honestly never did anything wrong but she always tried to get me to forgive my mom and thought I was wrong for cutting her off. She didnt know the full story and never found out. I didnt want to tarnish the only relationship my mom actually cherished. I took my moms passing harder than I thought. I think I mourn the loss of a potential than her as a person but still it doesnt make it easier. Im doing the best I can right now to not sink so low. Ive made a lot of progress with depression and anxiety that I really dont want to slip up. Its just hard. Sorry for venting. I literally have 3 people in my life that I can talk to.
depression, Im 22 years old and I remember having depression as far back as 6th grade. I didnt get my diagnosis until I was about 19. Its been a pretty weird journey from being a teenager until now but Im not going to talk about that because whats more important to me is trying to figure out the future.When I was younger I used to have a lot of confidence. I didnt care what people would think I thought that I was good at a lot of things. I actually like the things that I was doing but I feel like as time goes on Im becoming more and more confused about my purpose in life and whether or not I even have one.On the outside I appear to be fine. Im ambitious I seem generally happy Im silly my grades are decent and I have a lot of friends. Im the class rep and I seemingly have all my shit together. Thats generally what people see but how I think about myself is wildly different.In the past year a lot of things have happened. I got dumped by the guy I thought I was going to marry I bought a car and got into a car accident shortly after I watched friends move away for work and Im starting school again for the 4th time. I dont work right now because schools too stressful so Im not earning any money. I already have a design diploma and I was employed for a short amount of time. I left the job because I didnt like it and I was interviewed for other jobs that I didnt end up getting. I still live with my parents because I dont have the funds to move out.Im lucky that I dont feel as suicidal as I did a few years ago. But I still feel bad about a lot of things.I always feel like Im falling behind. A lot of my friends are working moved away living on their own graduating or getting their masters degrees. And here I am still trying to figure out what to do with my life. Im continuing my studies in design because I want to do something creative but nothing I ever create makes me happy. I never get satisfaction because I know I could be better. Knowing that Ive never been hired for a design job absolutely crushes me because that reaffirms that my skills arent good enough.Im always constantly doubting myself. Whenever I try to do something new I do it for a short amount of time and I either get bored or get scared that I wont succeed. I tried drawing streaming on twitch starting a youtube channel pretty much everything and nothing seems to bring me joy. I dont know why and I feel like Im running out of time to find something remotely enjoyable. I dont want to be a boring person but maybe thats just the person that I am.Im an extraverted person and I know the best way for me to be productive is to be around people. I have friends at school but a lot of them prefer to work alone and that just leaves me to waste away and not get any work done. One day I want to work from home but for some reason I cant muster up the work ethic to do that. On weekends when Im not at school I either have to force myself to do work or I just sit at home all day and watch videos.Expectations are incredibly high for me not just because Im the class rep. Its just the way that I happen to carry myself. My classmates and even teachers are intimidated by me and I dont know why everyone expects so much from me when I dont expect much from myself.My passions have died time long ago and I dont know if theres going to be a way to rekindle that fire that I havent felt in years because I dont remember how it feels like. Ive even tried lowering my standards but if I set them too low Im scared Im not going to be liked. Im definitely not where I want to be but I dont know where to go from here. It feels like Ive been on a break for so long but I cant find motivation to do anything or to keep going.Theres so much more I could say stuff about self-image personality flaws and all that but this is just going to get so long. Any advice would be appreciated whether thats personal experience or stuff you heard from a counsellor/shrink. Feel free to ask any questions Ill try to answer them the best I can. Thanks.
depression, What advice can I give her? I dont want to give the usual i know what youre feeling because I dont and am afraid ill make her more sad. ANY advice is appreciated
depression, Fuck
depression, Is there anyone here a little closer to my age to talk too?
depression, Im a man thats about to turn 23 and Ive been a loser my entire life.Im a high school drop out have no life experiences have no friends have never even held a girls hand have not had a conversation with someone other than my parents in 5 years have never had a job and spend about 15 hours a night sleeping and the rest just browsing the computer to take my mind off of my life.I have amazing parents that I live with that have worked their fingers to the bone and given me everything I need. Ive squandered all of my opportunity in life and failed them and myself. Honestly theyre the only reason why Im still here but it pains me to see their worry and disappointment in me. I feel like a leech on the family.I want to get out of this hole but I feel like absolute garbage and have been in isolation so long that I act strangely around other people. I feel like I dont have it in me to fight for a better life. Ive just given up.When I was young I had dreams about being a husband and father owning a home getting a job having friends... all impossible for me now. I dont think I can handle the thought of this because more than anything in life I wanted to be a father. My perpetual escapism isnt working at blocking out these thoughts anymore. My twenty third birthday is just around the corner now and birthdays are a really hard time for me. It marks another year of nothing. Guys that gave me shit throughout school are done four year degrees and are living the dream. Ive tried going to therapists and taking meds but none of it works. Im just a broken person with no future.Im not really looking for an answer or anything to this post just venting as I never write down how I feel.
depression, Most people dont. You have no idea what youre falling  into
depression, I’ve been dealing with depression for a while now. And I’m open to any advice on how to get better. But I hate how people are like“You have no reason to be depressed! Stop being depressed!”I hear this a lot from peers at school and even my dad. This really frustrates me because it’s like they don’t even care. What they don’t realize is that depression doesn’t care how good your life is! It’s going to run you over like a train either way. I’m sorry that I’m depressed even though I have a decent and good life. I can’t help it. This happens to a lot of people. And the fact that you would say this to a person is just rude!Sorry I just really needed to say that.
mentalhealth, Hi everyone. I’m putting together a book and wanted to get some feedback and outside perspectives.The premise is a do-it-yourself prep book for your own rehab. Either to do as a stand alone and then get a therapist or to work through before or while going to a rehab.The core focus is on updating your self identity and dealing with suppression. I self medicated with crystal meth and it took several years to work through the different layers. My conclusion is that when you self medicate every time you get high your mind automatically suppresses important feelings and your self identity changes. This becomes subconscious and I believe it is the reason some people deal with multiple relapses.Self forgiveness for me came in the form of sheer repetition and asking for spiritual assistance to help me with the fact that I had come to consider myself as a failure as a son and a brother.When I was at my lowest with depression I would call a friend and ask them to tell me what positive traits they see in me and I believe there is a subconscious outdated image that needs to be addressed with exercises and journaling to figure out who we are on a basic pre-cognition level.The name of the book is because Ty his problem is Dire among teenagers and the process of dealing with suppression took me 10 years to work through.Underneath the self forgiveness was regret confusion anger anxiety depression from other consecutive subsequent events.Thoughts? Questions? Thanks for reading!
depression, I graduated from a computer science bachelors program ranked about 100 nationally and due to a bunch of bad career and life decisions Im underemployed working in a warehouse. Id like to build an app but for me at least it seems a pretty big undertaking. Lately I prefer doing overtime in the warehouse to make more money. Im not actually that convinced of the stability of the job Im not physically very adept or a sports guy and Im scared of not having savings just in case it blows up. I have some credit card debt at a 25% interest rate which I feel the need to get paid off ASAP. Im living with my mother who is fine but she tends to get people around her who scare me. Id move out but given my finances I feel its unwise. I guess the commonality here is that in college (with loans &amp; a dorm) you dont have these concerns. I dont think there are easy solutions Im just trying to muddle through.On places like /r/cscareerquestions where I was about to post this I dont think people have any idea about things like this. Theyre probably professionals with secure finances. So no Im not going to ask any question there or listen to their advice. But I have diagnosed depression so here you go.
mentalhealth, I am depressed and think alot about suïcide.  I wake up with a empty feeling nothing is working. What can I do?
depression, No I dont think I am. Im not good enough to keep friends. Im not good enough to have a job and be able to drive. Im not good enough to go to college. Im not good enough to have people who want to talk with me. Back in October I found out that my best friends didnt actually like me and didnt think I was a very good friend. I had disappeared for a couple months at the time because I was at the lowest of the low I didnt mean to hurt anyone. They thought I was a terrible friend for it. I wasnt good enough for them. I always lose people I always lose friends I lose everyone. Because Im not good enough. Im lacking something but I dont know what it is. My heart hurts. I dont know what to do. My depression has been really bad and sometimes when its bad I let it out in the wrong ways. My parents know something is wrong but they think everything that comes out of my mouth is attitude. I dont try to speak that way. I didnt know I was. They talk mean to me or get mad at me and it stings. It makes me feel even more alone. I feel like Im a terrible person but I dont mean to be. I dont want to feel so empty and alone anymore. I feel like everything and everyone would be okay if I wasnt around anymore. Im sorry for not being a good person. Im sorry for having so many problems. Im sorry for not knowing what to do. Im sorry for not being good enough. Im so sorry.
mentalhealth, Hello. Im a 25 male and as far as I can remember Ive been so numb to things. I enjoy doing activities and I have picked up some hobbies but nothing sparks my enthusiasm that intensely. Whenever I pick up a hobby it manages to fill the gap that I feel is missing for a period of time however it quickly becomes boring and I end up looking for other stuff to do. I have no passion for anything. The master study that I am doing was chosen pretty much randomly since I had no preference one way or the other. Its not that I dislike things btw. Its more so I cant be bothered one way or the other. Not being picky is a good trait but I feel like Im impartial to a fault and lack personality. My life feel so monotonous without any goal or purpose. I just exist to exist.Anyone else felt like I do? Did you manage to improve yourselves? Any tip?
depression, If we lived in the future they would probably have an instant cure for depression. They would probably have solved inequality and the class struggle and being born with disabilities and all that other shit. If someone is reading this hundreds of years from now just know that we arent barbarians by choice we just havent had as much time as you.
depression, I just got a job offer for a great position with a great company making good money right out of college. But I smoked weed a bit over a week ago and the company has a drug-free policy. It’s totally my fault I have no one to blame but myself and I’m probably go in for this drug test and fail it ruining this great opportunity. It just sucks that now something I was looking forward to was ruined because I wanted to relax and chill a week ago. Fuck.
mentalhealth, Like jfc please just stop telling me. I know that I’m aware of what’s going on in my head it’s MY head. I’m telling you what’s going on in my head so that you can help me learn to cope and get better not so you can tell me that I have a lot of insight for the millionth time. Fuck.
mentalhealth, I hate my dad so much. I hate everything about him. He is such a horrible parent and has always treated me so badly compared to my brother. He is a recovering drug addict now but growing up my childhood was always so volatile because of his addiction. He was constantly putting me down even as a really young child and I know I hold a lot of insecurities now because of it. He always was very supportive of my brother. When he was on drugs he would get so angry at me and tell me really terrible things about myself but had a much better relationship with my brother and was never as hard on him as he was with me. I never understood it and he is still that way to this day. I dont live with him anymore now which is nice since I really dont have to have contact with him if I dont want to but I always seem to seek approval from him even though I will never get it. Ive always wanted him to love me... like thats all I have ever wanted. But I know I will never get it. I know I should just cut him off. I know it would help me so much mentally. But its so difficult because there will always be a part of me that will love him unconditionally. I just dont know what to do anymore. Hes now in a new relationship that I have no part of and I feel like I am just an after thought in his life. He will never be the man I want.. need him to be. It makes me so upset. I just feel like I will never be a whole person because I never had the father figure that I needed. I just feel... weird inside. Like empty.. like something is missing and I try to find it in other people and relationships and alcohol and absolutely nothing fills the void. If anything it makes me feel even more empty inside.
socialanxiety, Today has been rough so far. I woke up tried doing a meditation to calm my anxiety but went to work after the holidays and my anxiety is super high. I honestly want to take a break from work and maybe get on disability because my job will probably end up killing me due to the extreme anxiety and stress it gives me.  Anyways I will try to push through the day but it sure is difficult. To anyone else suffering right now I hope your day and my day gets better. There’s always tomorrow yeah?
depression, So I told a girl Ive been dating for a couple weeks now about my past HPV infection (which caused warts). She seemed concern but more for me and said it wasnt a big deal and that she wanted to still see me. That was a few days ago and we were supposed to go out tonight but she ignored my text and when I call it goes straight to voicemail. So I think shes blocked my number and is now ghosting me... This is the first time Ive been rejected for my STI and I have never felt worse.... I just want to die because I cant take living like this anymore
mentalhealth, I have been doing really well mentally recently but one of my best friends is on a downward spiral. She blocked all her friends on social media and then she told me it was out of a mental breakdown and she “doesn’t want to talk to people anymore”. While i’m totally there for her if she’s up to talk to me i am not a savior and that is okay. I cannot physically pull her out of her social isolation. It is not my job. I am here for her whenever she needs it but if she doesn’t want the help i can’t shove it down her throat. I. Am. Not. A. Savior. And i’ll never be. Do you agree or am I an asshole ? I can’t go through another depressive episode out of guilt and worry.
mentalhealth, I told her I was feeling stressed tonight and she asked me why so in an about 300 word essay I told her every single thing. My crushing anxiety derealization depression and health issues that make up pretty much 90% of my thoughts and have been eating me inside for almost a year now. We’ve been together for 5 months. She knew almost none of it beforehand. After reading it she was really supportive and understanding but now I feel like absolute shit and regret it deeply it’s pretty much the first time I completely open up to someone. I feel like she’s gonna see me a different way now and it’s gonna create a cold between us. I really wish I had said nothing. I feel ashamed How do I deal with this? Has anyone ever been in this situation before?edit : nothing I said involved suicide SA or SH if that helps
depression, it seems like being myself is the wrong person to be. everything i do turns bad everytime im happy something tragic happens and wheni ask for help nobody’s there right now im not really going through a lot. im a 19 year old man and i dont feel like it i should be out having fun right now but it feels like i have nowhere to go. im not working right now because i was recently in a car accident and now im in a hole my mom put me out because i couldn’t pay the light bill and now im outside starving with nothing left. when i had my car my life wasn’t very different than what it is now but i was doing better i would doordash all day and at the end of the day i would take the last persons order for myself and eat because i was only making enough to keep my phone on after 3-5 days of dashing. at the same time i was looking for jobs i have a decent job history but nothing ever works out for me. my “friends” cant/don’t want to help me and i do have a girlfriend she’s new in my life and im scared i’ll lose her in my current condition. i dont know what to do or what steps to take all the grownups and older people i talk to are too busy with their own lives to help me or even listen to what i have to say. everytime i talk to my mom she never understands what im saying because she wants to be right or she has some type of irrelevant point to prove. my dad is just coming back in my life but he’s as broke as me and didn’t really have a normal life he was in and out of jail his whole life and doesn’t have much advice to give me. my friends are either too childish or too busy like everyone else. i dont even know what i have to live for. i never think about suicide but everyday i ask why was i even born.
depression, Ever just feel alone in a house full of people? Been in my room crying because this loneliness sucks!
mentalhealth, Hi sorry if there any mistake Im French and its the first time I post on reddit or on any social network in english.My sister (19) was diagnosed with bipolar disorder recently and this week she was admitted to the hospital because she had some dark thought. She came by herself in the emergency room because her therapist told her that if she had any suicidal thought she should go. On the week day shes 2 hours away from home to be near her university and live in a small student room. Im (21F) live close by to but we dont live together.She was out of the hospital but was re-admitted 2 days after so my mom came to pick her up.My mom saw scar along her thighs and I dont know if she has any on her arms.Shes really tired all the time because of the medication and her general state of mind.I dont know what to do to help her. Im afraid she will kill herself.I have depression and had it since my teens but its not the same I never try to scar myself.Im afraid that telling her that we love her will not be enough for her to not go through.What can I do to help her? What can my family do to help?What should I expect of someone with this mental disorder? (She doesnt have the maniac part of the disorder)
mentalhealth, Here’s what I’m asking:I have a few mental illnesses. When things are bad I go nonverbal. I can’t use my vocal chords even if I can make myself open my mouth. Do you think sign language is something that might be able to break the barrier for when I go nonverbal? We can’t find anything that pulls me out til I’m better so it’s a curiosity if ASL would help. Or any other ideas you may have could helpFor the record people ask if I’m autistic a lot but I’ve never been tested. When I talk about going nonverbal that’s what they ask firstThe mental diagnoses I’m talking about are depression borderline personality disorder anxiety and PTSD. It’s an issue and it’s an issue I can’t figure out a fix to
depression, I was put on an anti-depressant 3 weeks ago and have felt like what little energy I was starting to get back is gone. I was starting to feel a bit better after about a year of being pretty low but the psychiatrist still recommended anti-depressants. I am always tired but it was starting to get a bit easier to get out of bed. I feel that my energy levels have been so low since being put on the Prozac that I could fall asleep standing up at times. No matter how much sleep I get Im still exhausted. Ive looked up side-effects and low energy/feeling drowsy wasnt one of them. Anyone else have a similar experience when starting anti-depressants?
depression, Why is it that people want to constantly do stuff like going to the movies or going shopping they seem to have infinite energy to do shit. I dont understand why the are disappointed when i say no if you want to do stuff do it places are back open. I dont know why people think my answer will change if i say no the first 400 times the 401st wont be shure lets go i done with people.
mentalhealth, Ive realized that existence without pain would be worthless. But what if the only emotion you still feel is just pain? I wasnt like this until the age of 20 or so.  But then I just fell into a deep hole I havent managed to escape yet. Now Im at the brink to be 30. Ive lost hope that it would get better someday. This night Ive probably cried more than in my entire life.Ive numbed myself with light drugs (weed) in the meanwhile. But it just started coming back to me in the past months. Up to a point where it just feels unbearable.My worst fear is dying without ever feeling loved and cared by someone.Ive tried to isolate myself from others so I dont get hurt that much anymore or hurt myself because Ive started to hate myself a lot in the beginning/middle of all this.The only reason Im writing this because Ive watched Neon Genesis Evangelion very recently and it made me think a freaking lot in the past days about everything. It didnt worsen my condition just opened my eyes and mind a bit more.I think Im also just missing the gentle touch of another human because Ive been pretty much touch starved since my very early 20s.I just wish I had the strength to seek professional help when this all started but I just cant get myself there.Am I just fcked for life?
depression, I didnt want to wake up today. I feel so exhausted I hate being forced to live. Others take it so easy. Im starting to think theres something wrong with me. This is too much to handle. Im too young to feel like this.
depression, Lately Ive been sad and I dont know what to do.My parents hate me  I think so because I always messed everything up maybe they broke up because of me.The only that I had was my ex girlfriend I thought that she will be always with me. She said that Im the one in her life but for no reason she broke up with me All these things make me feel a messIve wanted to talk this with someone but the only person who I had is not more here.I dont have anyone
depression, Time to spend every minute alone.
depression, I havent started it yet; I have the script but Ive still snowed in from the blizzard. Quick background: I have pretty severe TRD had a suicide attempt 10 years ago I have been on many different psych meds over the years they sometimes work and then stop working. I drink beer and smoke weed (moderately not a lot). I did some research on side effects and my dr said its similar to Prozac but it sounds a lot more potentially hazardous. (been on prozac for years and i dont have any noticeable side effects from that so im not sure what to think)thanks
depression, Hello. Im 11. An 11 year old female at birth. Life is confusing as of now and Reddit is my last resort. It all started when I was 4-3 cause yes I have a great memory. I lived a normal life actually. I had 3 cats an older sister 2 older brothers (one is a cousin but Ive lived with him my whole life so we are siblings) a mom and a dad. When I was finally going into kindergarten my dad left. When I was in pre-K my mom and dad would have violent fights. My little sister was born so my mom would carry her as my dad thew plates on the wall right above my mom and little sister. My memories are vivid and blurry but loud and clear... I remember being in the moment. I can feel the room temp the cold floor on my bare feet my sisters hair brushing on my shoulder... I just feel stuck in the past.. and its no secret I was my dads favourite. I would sneak this room. Then he just left. He would visit sometimes and even got us a computer. Then they fought and his smashed it right infront of us. The glass was inches away from my bare feet. My sister wore socks that day. But for the matter of my life nothing was wrong. See kids dont care who you are. As long as you like them they like you. And then COVID happend. I was 8 at the time when I would wear big shirts never comb my hair never have baths and my room was a mess. I remember plopping on the bare floor and crying for atleast an hour max. Then I would leave my room eat and watch on my tablet. Then I turned nine. I would have thoughts such as why am I not good enough? Why does nobody like me? And it didnt help my best friend was homeschooled and all my friends were in a different classroom. The here I am now. My besties back. Im in the same class as my friends. But my sister starts smoking when she was 11 a new girl replaced me Im called rat cause of my last name my mom and site hate eachother and Im not good enough. I run from my problems or just cry. Im scared of death and the world ending. Im scared of never being special. Im scared of never getting my dream job when Im older. Im scared of never being successful or being sad until I die. I should be happy but Im not. Im just not okay right now and I dont know if I should talk to my mom tomorrow. Where should I go where Im welcome?
depression, I dont know if this is the right sub I get so so anxious I lose my fucking mind at night I hate myself for not being healthy enough I hate my mind and feel so unsafe inside my body lately every time I think things are getting better they turn around and hit me in the faceI have been so dead and empty for two months over someone who treated me so badly but who I loved so much and I want him in my life so badly as a friend as anything and he hates me I know he must hate me I dont know any other alternative everyone hates me by now I think
depression, Im going to start this off by saying that I was not clinically diagnosed with depression. I started seeing a psychologist in September but I didnt feel comfortable with her so I stopped going. I have reached out to a psychiatrist and am going to start therapy soon. Im saying this so as not to be disrespectful to people that know for a fact they have clinically diagnosed depression. Ive lurked her for a while and a lot of you explain things that Im feeling/experiencing. I would imagine I would be diagnosed with depression but a doctor has not told me as such (as of now).  Ive been falling deeper and deeper into depression over the last year or so. Ive been trying to put on a normal/happy face for the sake of my family and friends. I dont want them to worry about me. Ive only told 1 close friend. I live with my sister and her boyfriend. Its been getting harder and harder over the past several months to hide how depressed I am. When home I typically spend the majority of my time in my room alone. I dont have to perform for anyone there. I got a text from my sister today asking why Im upset with her and why Im pulling away. She thinks she did something to me thats making me like this when in reality she has nothing to do with it. It makes me feel even worse. Not only do I feel shitty but now Im transferring that to people around me. The whole reason I havent told anyone about it is because I dont want to burden them. But it looks like I have anyway.My question is: how do you explain depression to a family member or friend without making them worried about you? Is it even possible? My sister has her own health issues to deal with and I dont want to add to her stress. Thanks in advance.
socialanxiety, (iPhone 14 pro max) but embarrassed by the idea of walking around with a phablet. I feel like everybody would be able to see what Im doing on my phone at all times and would judge me for owning such a large phone in the first place when Im an average size human with average size hands. So Im probably going to get the smaller phone just to fit in 😀
depression, So this is very messed up. Here goes.I met my husband at 18 married him at 21. We have 2 children together. We live in an ok place and we always seem to get by.We were supposed to go back packing together the summer we met. Id always had a shit go with family and friends in my home town I just wanted to run away and disappear try to start over. His friends said we couldnt afford it we never went. But its the monotony of every single day the in and out in and out.. it never ends. Its the same thing over and over. We do shifts to care for our youngest so both of us get adequate sleep but this leaves us sleeping in bed at different times.We have always fought Ive always been a little off. The fights escalated over the years from just yelling to name calling to chasing to beating on locked doors... I put a hole in the bedroom door this morning. I know I have a problem and Im trying so hard to cope I dont want to lose my family but at the same time I feel Im only dragging them down.I feel alone and misunderstood. There is a near total lack of intimacy on any level between us and its this loneliness that drives my hurt and anger. I wake up every morning feeling anxiety. Everytime he goes to bed I start to feel panicd and depressed. Ive started fights with him just so I didnt have to be alone.I spend a lot of time wrestling back and forth about whether or not Im a good person. I just feel like an abusive cunt whos no good for anyone. I feel like my life is slipping away. But I love my kids too much to just run off. To just leave. Its the most conflicting experience Ive had in my entire life.I spend large period of time hating myself for the things I do or say when Im angry. I cry almost every night because I feel so alone.I just want something to change.. I hate who Ive become.
depression, I work a few days at a time and then am off a few days at a time. Part time gig. Days off I can hardly get up. Every time I’m up its only for a little while before I succumb to the comfort of my bed yet again. I get nothing done. Im supposed to leave the house and take care of things but I just end up smoking weed instead Feel very empty. Like nothing is worthwhile. Everything is boring and ‘blah’. Its almost 3 in the afternoon right now and I had 3 very easy things on my to do list. Only one was completed and it was done sloppily at best. I don’t know how I have been surviving.
mentalhealth, When I do something enjoyable I am happy for a few seconds only then I get bored.
mentalhealth, Lately I have been experiencing severe depression in the morning that usually clears up around mid-day. I feel fine even great by the afternoon. It started off a few weeks ago as a mild sluggishness which I just attributed to it being early but its steadily gotten much worse over the last two weeks. Today I woke up miserable (~5:45 am) on the verge of tears unable to do anything. I dragged myself to the gym (@7am) to try and snap out of it and was completed dissociated and miserable and nearly broke down in the middle of a work out class. I barely made it to work and couldnt really hold it together. A co-worker even asked me what was going on and I had to go to the bathroom to try and keep myself from weeping. The depression is so intense and leads me to have constant suicidal thoughts and ideas. Food is unappealing and I cant even drink a cup of coffee.  Then around midday (11-12pm) I suddenly start to feel better. I am laughing and joking and hungry and totally normal again. I feel like I am going insane here. Has anyone else experienced this? I thought maybe it was my blood sugar but I ate breakfast (even though I did not want to) and drank coffee before the gym (ruling out caffeine withdrawal). I dont know what else could be happening and I am not sure what to do about it.
socialanxiety, I’m a super awkward person in both irl and online. It’s hard for me to make friends bc Im really nervous I barely have anything to contribute and afraid of messing up. I have friend group of my own and somehow was able to be comfortable but I digress.Today I got a private dm on Instagram since I’m an artist they complimented my art and I simply just replied with a “thanks!!” Then they said they wanted to talk and become friends then I got nervous and didn’t respond. The thing is I don’t know them and I just simply don’t know what to say. (I also wasn’t interested sorry)They noticed I didn’t respond then I said I have no hard feelings that I just didn’t know them and then I said sorry. A few hours later of not thinking anything of it I’m starting to feel bad. I mean maybe i should’ve at least tried to talk to them. This happened before but I attempted to message back after small talks we never really spoke again due to me not having anything to contribute. Maybe this doesn’t fit here but this was a result of me being super socially awkward. Should I have handled this better?
mentalhealth, I suffer from server depression and social anxiety but I can’t help it and my parents are pushing me to go into job corp to pursue something I have no interest in they want me to be a welder but What I’m really wanting to do is become a therapist or something along those lines to help others with conditions like mine and with the whole job corp thing I have no idea what to do any help is appreciated thank you
depression, Im not looking for attention Its just that everyone even my parents (step dad &amp; real mom not both of my birth parents) invalidate my feelings. some things theve said arestop f*cking crying!Is the little cry baby done crying now? They normaly only say it when there mad at me about my grades but they just dont understand that me having missing assignments is not because Im lazy &amp; dont care about school Its because I feel like doing it doesnt have an impact on me. I mean we are all gonna die one day right? sorry for this kind of rant/vent/idk I just needed to let whats happening out.
mentalhealth, Help!I’ve had this sharp shooting chest pain in the left side for a couple hours now.Is it normal for anxiety to last for hours? I only normally have it in a panic attack or I need a massage witch I don’t rn.I experienced extreme shortness of breath this week also witch I never have.I called the ER 2 times and they said to take a pain killer and wait for tomorrow.My anxiety is KILLING ME RN why can’t they just take a look at me so I don’t have to experience all these symptoms from anxiety now...
depression, I am a 24 years old university student. Gosh at this age I should have sex every night with a beautiful gf study hard during the week and party harder at the weekend. I should be drown in sex happiness fun. I should have the time of my life and feel fucking alive.And yet here I am. A depressed piece of shit. I havent had sex for over a year now since I broke up with my ex gf. I havent even had a single fucking date. The girl I love lives 2000 mi away in a different country and isnt going to love me back.Besides university I work two jobs that I hate but need. I live at my parents place. I have very supportative parents a huge shout-out to them. Still I need both jobs to get by and to save a bit of money.I dont enjoy shit anymore. Reading Video game playing the guitar...All these hobbies I enjoyed so much I cant even focus for ten minutes straight anymore.I feel so empty inside. I dont know why I even get up anymore in the morning. I used to be full of ambitions life goals happiness. Now I am this piece of shit who cant get his life straight.  Yeah...this should be the time of my life...but it isnt. I wish I never existed in the first place.
depression, Recently had a fight with my best friend and I might have irretrievably fucked things up. I didnt realise but I was treating them like shit; acting all hot and cold without realising. In my head I was trying my best to help them out when they need support and I was genuinely happy around them. I thought the feeling was mutual. Recently I realised that they had perceived me as a burden because of my behaviour and I had not even realised this at all. They were happy to just get away from me because of how obnoxious I had become.I was never this way. I dont even know how but with my depression and anxiety worsening I became a worse person. I have been disillusioned to such an extent that all the happy memories that I had with them now bear a taint. I feel helpless and deeply unhappy. I have been on meds and I have gone for therapy but without realising I have sleep further into the cracks. Recently I had an outburst (which was very unfair to them) and I didnt even realise what I was doing. My entire world is crumbling and I have no idea what to do. I just feel that people are better off without me. Nothing feels real anymore and I feel out of control. Its the worst feeling when you love someone so deeply but you hurt them without realising it.
depression, As a distraction from the high functioning depression? That’s hitting hard lately and I feel it. I know I’ve put on weight and I can feel the same body image issues I always had before slowly creeping back. It feels awful. I was so proud of what I had done. Now I feel awful eating thousands of calories over what I should be eating each day. But I just can’t stop. I know how to lose weight I’ve done it before. Why can’t I do it again? No matter how much I tell myself I won’t I just can’t seem to stop. It’s how I know how to make myself feel better. In the short term at least.How can I stop?
depression, Hi!I really need some advice. I feel like I have a lot to say but I promise Ill get to the point eventually. Im 27 and have struggled with depression and anxiety for around 10 years now. Ive tried different medications over that time (currently on 30mg mirtazapine daily which has helped with insomnia a lot) as well as CBT counselling and other talking therapies.2017 was the worst year of my life. My anxiety and depression were at their worst. I changed jobs three times. One of my pets died. I was in a car accident. My girlfriend was unfairly dismissed from her job and has been unable to claim unemployment benefits meaning Ive been supporting us both. Our relationship has suffered as a result. Ive accrued a lot of debt; Ive often had to decide between paying bills and putting food on the table. I was fired and replaced by my band without them even telling me. I feel like the stress of it all has ruined me. Its been almost unbearable. I am a shell of the fun sociable person I used to be and Ive only just started feeling like I have the energy to reclaim the life and person I was before.If Im having a bad anxiety attack which could last days or weeks at a time I find it difficult to handle keeping in touch with friends. I barely socialised at all last year because I just couldnt handle it. I didnt really want to be around people and I didnt want people to see me in the state I (felt I was) in. I was ashamed. As a result my relationship with my two best friends has become very strained.My two best friends (from here referred to as X and Y) live in the big city I used to live in. Weve been practically inseparable since we met 25 years ago – up until the last year when I moved away. When I was still there we would talk and see each other every day all the time; I even lived with one of them for a couple of years. But after I moved away and as my life got harder and I started struggling to cope with the stress of work financial difficulties my health my girlfriends health I started finding it more and more difficult to keep in touch with people. I just wanted to be on my own and turn off the noise of everything else especially social media where I could see everyone showing off the best versions of themselves all day long (I dont begrudge other peoples happiness at all; I just dont always need to see it presented to me in an infinitely scrolling newsfeed when Im having a tough day). I became bad at replying to messages on Facebook/WhatsApp and wasnt up to keeping in touch regularly. The thought of messaging my friends when I didnt really have much to say beyond My anxiety is really bad Im really depressed Im finding it hard to do anything made me feel more depressed and anxious.When I would talk to them either by call or by text I would say something like Ive been going through a tough time [for all the reasons mentioned above] and find it difficult to use my phone when I feel like this. I need to be away from the constant barrage of information until Im feeling better but if you call I will always pick up. The responses I received ranged from We would understand if you just talked to us to Well we never hear from you anymore so we just figured you werent interested to You moved away and you never come visit. Wed come and see you if you invited us and Youve changed a lot youre really like how you were before. Youve been quite selfish.They seem to sympathise about the last one when I say Im broke and havent been able to afford to go visit them but thats about it. I tried to explain about not being able to handle socialising but they dont seem to understand why. I wouldve invited them to visit me here but I didnt want them to see me like this. And I know thats irrational – if theyre my friends they wont care. But after everything thats happened in the last year – when I thought about ending it all at least once every hour every day – I just couldnt do it: I just felt so ashamed and embarrassed.I would go silent for weeks at a time. But no-one ever called. They knew it wasnt like me to just be silent.Heres the part that really hurts. Best friend X got engaged at the end of 2016. Wed all sort of had an agreement since we were kids that when one of us got married the other two would be the best men no matter what. The wedding is coming up later this summer and I hadnt really heard anything about it throughout last year beyond a save-the-date. I knew something was up. Best friend X called me out of the blue on Christmas Eve seemingly to catch up and eventually got to the reason why he wanted to talk: he wants best friend Y and another guy (Z) to be his best men and he wanted to know if I wouldnt mind being an usher.I dont know why but my heart just sank. It really really hurt and I started getting quite upset. I asked why and he said I do really want you to be a part of the wedding but I have to think about whos been there for me this year and it was always Y and Z not you. I didnt get angry at him or try to argue - I tried my best to accept his decision there and then - but it really fucking hurt. Its not so much because Im not his best man (though I was really looking forward to it) but because the reason I wasnt there was because I really tried to be but I couldnt. I explained more than once throughout the year that I was trying to be the kind of friend I was before but I was really struggling and it took a lot out of me. I was a depressed and anxious wreck for almost all of it. And despite the many times I said that throughout the year hes never really made any effort at all to see if I was okay. It feels like Im being punished for suffering with mental health problems. Best friend Y hasnt brought it up at all.I am grateful to be a part of the wedding. I love him dearly and until now hes been my closest friend in the world. I want him to have the best day of his life and I will be the best usher in the fucking world. But this has broken my heart a little bit. Hes not the person I thought he was. And now I dont know what to do.**Im sorry this post turned into an essay. To tell you the truth this is the third draft and Ive almost broken down crying each time. If youve read it thanks for reading.**
depression, I feel so numb. Like I cant shower cant move. Forget cleaning the house. Its like I cant even bring myself to watch a show or do art. Just barely mindlessly scroll through Instagram. I dont even feel like Im existing. How do I stop this pattern?
depression, Ive never really understood exactly I get extremely sad and unmotivated around this time of year. I just switched schools for my junior year of high school and Ive already made a bunch friends I just dont understand why I am so sad when everything is going relatively well for me. I dont want to talk to my mom about this yet because she will get worried and she is so stressed about it already and Im just stuck and confused and need some sort of help.
depression, Spend new years eve alone ✅Convince yourself that its just because youre better than others and not because you have no friends ✅Get treated like shit by others just because you can be yourself ✅Have no idea what youre doing in life have no hope no expectations ✅Too cowardly to even kill yourself? ✅Too tired to try and change. ✅Why should I let others hate me when I can do it best myself? :)
depression, I’m 14 years old I know it just sounds like an edgy teen complaining but hear me out.I’ve been struggling with mental health for 7 months I’ve been in therapy gone inpatient and got diagnosed with severe anxiety My mom is by all means a good mother but She says awful things sometimes. I changed schedules several times because of my anxiety I only have a few classes but I struggle to control my anxiety and even in small groups my anxiety is awful. I always ask her if I can be homeschooled or put in a school made for anxiety but she cuts me off and proceeds to put words in my mouth telling me that nothing is good enough for me and she has suffered so much. She complains that I’m lazy and never wants to do anything but every time I try to explain my lack of motivation she screams at me. When I was struggling with suicidal thoughts every time I told her I was feeling high risk she would insensitively ask me if I was just gonna kill myself. She makes me feel guilty for things that I feel like I shouldn’t feel guilty for and it’s impossible to win a fight with her. I’m grateful for the things she does for me and I know I’m far from a perfect child but I feel like she doesn’t listen. What can I do?
mentalhealth, Therapists have told me I need to change my thoughts so that will affect my behavior and feelings.I acknowledge the fact that thoughts affect behavior and feelings.But how can we change thoughts? I believe the only thing we have some control over is our actions.I believe our thoughts are a somewhat predictable result from1. memory2. previous thoughts3. information incoming through our senses4. events happening around us5. things that interest youetc..But I dont believe we can make a conscious decision to have certain thoughts. For some thoughts this is possible I can tell myself to imagine a pink elephant.But can I tell myself that right now there is a pink elephant in my room? My subconscious mind knows for sure that my conscious mind is lying. Therefore it does not get accepted.If I tell myself for no reason that there is someone outside my house about to kill me. My subconscious mind knows Im lying and because of that my body does not react I do not feel scared because lying to myself like that is impossible. But if some information from outside of my mind comes in and gives me valid reasons to believe such a thing then my body will react with hormones fear emotions action etc..So when my therapist suggested me to tell myself I can do it what am I supposed to do with this advice? How do I convince my subconscious mind that I can really do it? When I know very well that the last year I have been extremely unproductive and there is no reason tomorrow I would make better decisions than todayI personally find thoughts-advices completely useless because I cannot do anything with these advices I can not turn these advices into actions I can literally do nothing with these advices. They are a waste of time for me. But change my view if I misunderstood something?
depression, Hey r/depressionIm not here to whine. I know that things could be worse but nonetheless I am not happy in the slightest. And I know that punishing myself for being unhappy wont do any good either so bear with me please. I dont know why but I just need to tell someone.Im feeling like Im at the end of my rope. Im not suicidal or anything like that. Lord I dont even have the strength to even think about something like that. So no need to worry about that. Ok now that thats out of the way....Im 22 years old. I go to college. Im studying to be an I/O Psychologist. And I am so so alone.Back in March the love of my life left me for another man. She was awful to me but I still loved her. Nothing was ever good enough for her but I toughed it out no matter what because I loved her and I knew that life would be worse without her. I was right. Since then shes been in a relationship (with the man she left me for who btw is a complete selfish douche) which she says was more serious than ours ever was (despite dating for almost two years compared to three months) She said she was more attracted to him. She said she loved him and never really loved me (this is probably true which adds to my sadness). Since that relationship ended she has been after several other men. And she is having sex constantly with tons of guys. I have been 100% alone since the day she left my apartment.I should elaborate. We basically lived together for about a year. We were inseparable. She had a rough life. I was her knight in shining armor. I wanted to be everything she never had everything she needed. I was. She seemed so happy for so long despite the pressure she used to put on me and the hammer that fell anytime I fell short. But these personality deficiencies were not her fault. She was beaten as a kid and her parents divorced. Naturally this affected the way she handled relationships. In the last few months she cheated on me twice but I forgave her. I forgave her. I am not a jealous person as long as I can have her in my life that was enough. Now I see how weak I was but I am weak. Im still weak. She started getting close to a guy at work (our friend the douche) And one day she decides she wants it to be over between us. She moves all her stuff out that day without me there. I had to walk into an empty room with her cats and all her stuff gone. I cried listening to Holocene by Bon Iver. Which I can no longer ever listen to.Since then Ive rededicated myself to school and to my future. Im back in the dorms and I cant fit back in. Its like taking a step back in life. I cant relate to my roommates. Theyre nice guys but we have NOTHING in common. I end up spending most of my days in my room on the computer alone. All I have is my schoolwork and my future...But even future has loneliness written all over it. I used to be a music education major. I wanted to replicate in someones life the experience I had in high school with my band director. When I was 15 my cousin died. He was hit by a car on a bike. He was a role model and a great friend and a great man. It was a huge hit. I delved deeply into the band program at my school as a result. I ended up becoming Drum Major and my senior year we went to BOA Grand Nationals for the first time and became a national finalist. I dedicated my life to this goal and I achieved it. The problem was I had an entire life to live afterwards. So I became a music major. But the magic could never be recaptured: until I laid my eyes on her. She was everything to me. Shes the only thing Ive ever experienced of true unconditional love. She became my new purpose. Eventually I realized that I need not become a music major because I could lie the life I wanted to live without it. I became a psych major planning to become an I/O Psychologist like my father. It is a nice job as a consultant for businesses and they make a lot of money which was important for me to support her our future family (and btw we were planning on getting married. In words our relationship was never one-sided. She said I was the love of her life and she wanted to spend the rest of it with me and have a family together) and live the lifestyle I wanted and I wanted her and the kids to have. My purpose was her and our future and I planned my life around it. And now I have none of what I wanted.I fear that I will live the rest of my life in an unfulfilling job in my isolated pile of money.I am not your average guy. She claims (since the break up) that my personality is abrasive and scares people away. I fear she is correct. And it doesnt help that I am average looking at best. I am short have terrible hair am socially awkward. I overthink things and analyze everything (these skills will come in handy getting my PhD and in my profession but they are hindrances in my personal life). Any girl I have expressed any interest in since the break up (in the interest of trying to move on and find purpose again) has resulted in falling flat on my face. Whether it be my personality or my looks I fear that Ill never find a woman who I find interesting who will ever give me the light of day. And this is tragic. Because I need someone. I need a purpose. I need to give and receive. Not to mention its hard to see the ex getting loved all over town and not have anything remotely of the kind. But while that is something I am missing as well I need love and support above all.I have friends but no one who is consistently around and accessible. I am all alone in my little hole of isolation with nothing but negative thoughts to plague me. And I really honestly cant help but feel like there is no happy ending here. I dont believe in God. I dont believe in Hollywood endings. And I know better than to think that a guy who is unattractive and unappealing inter-personally is ever going to get his foot in the door again of anything.I have no time for anything either. All I have is college marching band psych lab work and classes six days a week. And none of these things bring me any joy anymore.I wake up. I work through classes. I go to sleep with so many thoughts that go unexpressed just because I am so solitary. I am Gods lonely man just like Taxi Driver. I dont predict the same ending but its a very real pain I am feeling. I no longer have any hope or any drive. I have NOTHING to live for. My lifes purposes are all gone. And it isnt looking like I can find a replacement.As a psych major I am familiar with the symptoms of depression and I think that is probably what is happening but this is a partially existential crisis. Taking Prozac may help my mood but it wont solve my problems. Im still alone. I need people. I need support. I need love.And yet... the only people I have to tell any of this to is a group of internet strangers.I would ask a question here.... but I dont have any questions. I have nothing anymore. I know what this is. This is pain. And its not going away.I dont know if you have anything to offer me reddit. But thank you for taking the time to read this. At least someone out there for a few minutes knows how hard it is. And that helps. Only a little. But Ill take it.I genuinely hope all of you on /r/depression are healing from your pain. I know how hard it is. But we as humans are resilient little beasts. Im sure theres something unique and beautiful about every single one of you. And the world is better with you in it.In conclusion I dont want to be alone... but I dont have the skills to change my current situation... so alone I may stay. I hope I find the strength to accept my fate soon.
depression, Im 22 year old male and should be graduating college this spring like many of my HS classmates. Instead I live in my parents basement wasting my youth away. I had some really great friends growing up but as my depression worsened I withdrew from them. My best friend for example I went to school with from Pre-K all the way to my first year of college. He has new friends now and I seem incapable of meeting new people and moving on.Im a 55 male barely 115lbs. I actually have a handsome face; its one of the few nice things I can say about myself but meeting people of the opposite sex when I look like a 14 year-old seems impossible. I actually went to a college party once which took a lot of courage for me. I was constantly asked what I was doing there and when I explained I was their age (probably older) most of them were shocked and said they felt sorry for me...I now have zero self confidence and I cant picture anyone being attracted to me. Im not sure how long I can keep going at this alone everyday. Does anyone have some tips for improving my self image/self esteem. It is at a dangerously low level right now. Thank you.
depression, I dont want to commit suicide because I like living to a certain degree. And I dont want to cut because I dont want to be seen as trying too hard or overly emotional so if I could just get my legs broken so I dont have to go to things and not have to turn things in for college. Thatd be cool. Id hate the pain and Id feel too guilty for lying. So something like that. I dont know. Something like it.
depression, If everyone who was depressed was together in one place instead of online I wonder if people would feel comforted or more depressed or what would happen. Has anyone else thought about that?
mentalhealth, Hello wonderful people who surf this subreddit. You’re all great people and I appreciate you for reading this in advance.        &amp;nbsp;      I don’t know how to start this so I’ll just begin with this. I’m a 16 year old male. I think I’m stupid. Maybe that’s not the right word for it but as you read through this maybe you’ll understand the word i’m looking for as I’m too...stupid? to think of one.          &amp;nbsp;     People think i’m slow because I don’t realize things “quick enough” for them. For example someone explains something that happened in a conversation. I interpret it a completely different way and make a comment on what happened but that comment is based on how  ***I INTERPRETED IT*** not what actually happened. I’d look pretty ridiculous right? That’s what happens a lot of the time. I think it’s also a matter of me acting way too quickly before thinking.       Human expectations are ridiculous yeah but then why is everyone else I hang around capable of fulfilling them and being able to understand quicker than me? There are a number of ways I can explain what I mean by this but I guess it boils down to me having really bad common sense at times and not understanding what’s really being asked. I feel like this could be because I’m not completely focused on what’s going on? Another example I could be reading something and I get stuck on one extremely simple line and keep re-reading it until it somehow makes sense into my head and usually when it does is when I tap out of my “day-dreaminess” and focus. Again could be a short stamina of focus but it just doesn’t make sense...      &amp;nbsp;        I’m not saying I’m slow I’m actually a quick thinker and have really fast actions. I can run fast I talk fast I answer math problems fast but when it comes to comprehension that’s my weak spot. I feel like it’s an anxiety problem and I subconsciously feel under pressure whenever I’m talking to someone I believe is “better” than me and thus screw up stupid things.             &amp;nbsp;     Y’know what aggravates me the most about this? My mom is the same exact way. And of course like mother like son. If I’ve seen her act like this forever it’s going to be hard for me to change. And I’m not proud of this aspect...at all. She does some really stupid things (of course she’s still an amazing mom and I love and appreciate her) and I get angered at her for doing things like that and although i regret every moment of me being angered for her making careless and silly mistakes it’s only because I know I’m the same way and I want that to change. But how?    &amp;nbsp;        The reason why it brings so much attention to me now is because I’m in AP classes. I have a 4.1 GPA nothing special especially since I didn’t do so well on the PSAT. I’m taking pre college classes as well. To add to the positive side I also have a big imagination and love creating new things which I guess can also explain my focus issue but then again my mom isn’t the creative type. I want to go really far in life and this sounds terrible but knowing that my parents didn’t really go to any remarkable college or have some intellectually demanding job like a doctor is discouraging (if this puts things into perspective I think my mom got around 1000 on the SAT..). All my friends seem to be born with a destiny of being smart and going to good colleges while my family isn’t really the brightest on either side. My moms side is the average family you’d see nothing weird or too quirky and nothing too special either. My dads side is filled with jocks and humor still nothing super smart. Of course this doesn’t mean I can’t be smart myself if it did I wouldn’t be taking the classes I am but I feel restrained on how smart I can get if that makes any sense at all. The last two AP exams I’ve taken I gained so much confidence in the information as I studied countless hours every day of the week prior to the exams and still managed to only get a 3/5 on both. Sure that’s passing but people who are truly smart with the amount of studying i’ve done would’ve definitely gotten a 5. My friend didn’t study a bit and received a 4 so did a lot of my friends.        &amp;nbsp;        I guess what I’m trying to ask is how can I better myself intellectually? If you understand what I mean by this weird trait my mom and I share that affects my interactions with not just people but getting grades on exams that define my future how can I improve? If you have any questions about anything or things that I wasn’t specific enough about please ask! Thank you again guys you’re all amazing.
depression, Along with my depression I have social anxiety and Im in constant fear of being judged.  I was bullied in school and even though Im in college now I carry it with me. I usually just point out how fat I am and I guess its the logic of why Fat Amy calls herself Fat Amy. I make fun of myself first so others cant or Im not as hurt when they do. Like when I mentioned I had a crush on a guy my brothers gf said go for it he may like girls with huge boobs like you (trying to find a nice way to say Im fat) haha yeah sure every guy likes the boobs what matters is if he likes the giant belly If I wear shorts or get dressed up and someone makes a comment like oh you look nice I jump to saying Thanks youre just being nice I look a mess and cant pull this off at all Once a girl asked if I knew how to ride horses I wanted to learn but I have to wait until I lose weight my Clydesdale ass will probably break its back! People would always make fun of how fat and ugly I was and for the longest time I  wasnt self aware. Id go to school in my brand new skirt little afro picked out with a headband and lipgloss on and thought I looked great until the others said something. By 6th grade I was buying baggy uniforms from the boys section not even brushing my hair so it got matted dry and fell out and wearing a hoodie 24/7 to hide. I felt disgusting and still do. I try to lose weight to no avail and eventually developed some disordered eating. Since middle school Ill avoid eating as long as I can but sometimes go through periods of binging but I dont purge. Anyway I try to put myself down as much as possible so others wont do it to my face and its a problem I dont know how to fix.
mentalhealth, Here is a speech I thought about giving to my closest friend names censored with letters for anonymities sake. I never said any of this for reasons pretty clear upon reading it but felt I needed to put this somewhere.C I want to talk to you about something and I want you to just listen to me and not interrupt until I’m done take notes on what you wanna comment on if you have to. and now I’m gonna drop my little witty sarcastic Walmart Saul Goodman act that I always put on when I talk about something serious because lightening the mood is just gonna make this harder for me. I know you remember the walk I took at X’s and how I refused to let you in as to why I took that walk. I told you something along the lines of “there are many reasons that I took a walk and I don’t want you to see me differently”. I’m pretty sure at some point I explained my philosophy on how opening up to people creates problems. Wether someone begins to view you negatively or take pity on you or even support you more than ever your relationship has changed and it’s because you told them something. For most of the relationships in my life status quo is the best choice. But I trust you C probably more than anyone else on planet earth which might be a lot for you to take in but it is what it is. Both because it’s gotten worse and I finally feel like I have a good understanding of it I’ve decided to tell you the reasons as to why I took that walk and a bit of a deeper look into my psyche. The truth is I feel alone yes despite my plentiful amounts of friends and a full loving family I feel alone. It’s almost as if no one thinks the way I do it’s like for most people they’re apart of a completely different culture than I am and it’s very frustrating it feels like I’m missing out on a basic human function connection. I’m a textbook loser acting as a sheep in wolfs clothing. Then there are those who I feel like I can relate to at least somewhat. You J B X my closest friends. But I’d normally never communicate this to you guys it’s taking every ounce of my being to say this to you now. But even with you guys it’s hard to communicate these things. Toxic masculinity is a real thing as much as certain factions like to push its definition. But I feel like suffering in silence is just furthering my isolation. And I know you’ve probably been thinking about P as I’ve noticed your mind goes to a lot when you see me with a negative emotional state and your not wrong to think of her. I struggle to talk with most men in my life so imagine how actually difficult women are. But I felt really comfortable talking to her it was surprising and it made me feel great. But rejection is a very isolating thing to no fault of her own she had made me a lot worse. Now I’m in a state of confusion with everything but Especially with her. I don’t know what I’m doing right or wrong and it’s painful to even try to think about that or to even think about wether I have a chance with her or not. Im I very lonely person C as strange as that may sound and honestly I have no idea what to do about it.A real reason I think I may feel lonely honestly seems a bit irrational but it’s like I’m nobody’s number 1. I mean is there anyone on planet earth who values me over everything and will I ever be that important to someone. I yearn for the truest form of human connection and honestly the fact that I may not achieve it is rearing it’s ugly head. I mean finding someone like that takes work social work a line of work where I’ve proven my self less than capable. So I don’t know.
mentalhealth, Recent changes to my life — accepted school to work program at school so I’m leaving early now. Wrestling has started three hours a day 6 days a week. I have decided to dedicated myself to learning Chinese and Spanish at school to become trilingual by the end of the year (get biliteracy seal for both) I have started gaming pretty heavily again for some reason and I’m writing more from stories inspired by those gamesBut I’m feeling like I can’t keep going. Not that I can’t really I just really don’t want to push myself out of my comfort zone. Right now I just keep thinking about how how much I just want to work on what I want. Maybe it’s the change of the seasons or the big change in my schedule and a reaction my weird brain is having but I find myself at school just retreating to my mind and my imagination ignoring my prior dedications.If you went up to me two months ago I would have been studying every night working out all the time never out of energy excited to dedicated myself to things but right now I can’t find any strong desire to dedicate myself to those things I’ve made a personal commitment to. I just want to be home and be happy and comfy. I don’t want to feel this way I just do. It’s stopping me from eating healthy for wrestling stopping me from studying for school stopping me from doing anything good expect fro writing dreaming and playing.I’m hoping it’s just a short thing in my brain but I also just want to appease this part of me and let it go through its motions but commitments I’ve made don’t really make that possible without dropping everything I’ve worked so hard for recently. I just feel like I’m stuck in some sticky mud.
depression, I used to be depressed a lot and just wondering what goes on in everyones head. My friend pretty much cried for help from me earlier and I tried my best to explain how I ultimately have went from depressed to carefree as fuck.
depression, The only reason I am asking for help on here is cause he has all of my social media other than my reddit but my friend and I have known each other for now 2 years and these past few months he has been physically hurting me and saying hateful things. He has punched me to the point I had a huge bruise stabbed me with pencils pushed me in the hallway of school made comments about my weight called me names tripped me dug his nails into me told me he wishes death on me and my family and choked me. When I try to block him out of my life all of my friends tell me to talk to him and pester me about it because“he is sorry” but he just goes back around and does it again. Recently he has told me to kill myself and “try harder at self harm” and he knows that I struggle with depression and suicidal thoughts but he tried to play it off as a joke. I don’t know what to do cause no matter what I do he always comes back and does the same stuff and I’m tired of constantly feeling pain because of him.
mentalhealth, This has been happening to me most of my life but changing whenever it pleases so I never got a full grasp on what a hallucination is but Ive been going about life this way:When I was around 5-7 i would always hear my mom or dad call me or Id hear them tell me to do something from down the hall but the thing is my sister would sometimes hear them too which made me more confused. Around 13 i would smell things that didnt add up to my environment theres nothing moreIm 18 now and since then all of my senses except for taste have been involved so i have an apple watch and sometimes ill feel a vibration when it never does it but im pretty sure its just anticipation Ill hear my phone go off if im drifting off to sleep in class or something I hear a lot of random shit too or if i drift off again sometimes Ill see random stuff like once i saw honeymoon on a table as i was falling asleep that scared the shit out of me anyways yea would love to hear your input
depression, Im 24 and I live at home with my parents. I work 30+ hours a week at a grocery store and Im finishing up my Associates degree Ill graduate in December. The problem is this: I dont have a life outside of work and school. I only have a handful of friends and theyre all people I work with which makes me feel like a loser. I have no friends outside of work because I dont do anything outside of work. I often compare myself to other people and feel like theyre better than me. I am afraid to put myself out there in social settings because I have really bad anxiety and low self-confidence. Im afraid that other people will dislike me or make judgements about me which is why I especially never talk about politics or anything like that because Im afraid to express my opinions because of what others might think. At this point in time I have no interests outside of hiking and jiu jitsu (I just started). I dont really know what to talk about with other people. I blame my parents because they sheltered me as a kid; I never played any sports and I spent all my time in the house. I didnt develop the social skills I shouldve and that lead to me being where I am today. I hate myself and feel like Im not worthy of love from other people. My entire life Ive always felt like there was something wrong with me. Ive always felt weird and out of place and I still do. Despite being so down and depressed I have been taking some steps in 2021 to improve myself; I went back to school Ive been working out more and eating better and I started taking jiu jitsu to learn how to fight. I have definitely made some progress with self improvement and some days I feel good about myself but some days I feel like a worthless pathetic human and I want to end my own life. The suicidal thoughts have been recurring lately and I cant tell anyone I know so I decided to make an anonymous post on the internet. Any advice or insight is greatly appreciated. Thank you.
depression, I just grew into a fucking ape and it makes my life soo mch harder. Wished people would actually love ugly guys :(
depression, these past few days have gotten harder and harder. depression has crawled back into my life again.. i dont have a purpose. im a schizophrenic who just lives on disability. everyday is harder than the next. the boredom and depression is inescapable. i think i should ask my parents to take me to the hospital when they get home. i wish someone would just give me some medication to go to sleep and never wake up again.does anyone else feel the same way? why is there so much suffering in this world?
mentalhealth, So like when Im in bed at night. Im all good Im on FaceTime with my boyfriend and Im all good in a good mood. and then just before going to bed my boyfriend notice that Im sad and scared to go to bed and sometimes I just start crying because I tell myself Im worthless and ugly and that stuff. And like Im not like positive with myself.
mentalhealth, Whenever I try to communicate with myself I fall asleep in less than 15 minutes. I know many pros that come with self communication but I dont seem to be able to do it properly. I cant keep the self-talk going for long. Even if I did I dont know the right questions to ask to myself my thought process practically goes in a loop. After all that even if I did manage to come to a conclusion I dont seem to remember it to apply in life situations.
mentalhealth, When ever I feel happy I start to feel really anxious and i don’t know why. I have suffered from depression and anexity for 4 years due to sexual abuse from my father Could this be something because of this or something else entirely?
mentalhealth, First time poster here. My friends all live in different counties. Theyre not right next door to me. I love my solitude but Im noticing lately Ive been feeling lonely outside of work. My friends are reluctant to meet up right now with COVID still going on. Im frequently in touch with them but Ive really been feeling it these past couple of days. For those who also struggle with it how do you work through it?
depression, I’ve struggled with depression and anxiety since I was 12 years old. I’m 19F now and I’m just so unhappy... I don’t feel like a real person. Everything just seems so pointless to me. Nothing actually makes me happy and I try to make myself happy but nothing works. Truthfully the only reason I haven’t completely given up is because I have a full time job and when I’m working I don’t have time to get in my head and feel this way. I only feel like this when I have a day off. I lay around in my bed and don’t exist. My room becomes a disgusting mess and so do I. I don’t feel anything and everything sucks. I don’t go to school I don’t drive. I just cycle through everyday nothing excites me and nothing feels good. I talk to guys in hopes they will bring me that sense of happiness and wholeness but that doesn’t help either. I just don’t know what to do anymore.. I feel no hope for myself at all. I want to feel like I actually exist.
depression, After 6 years of severe depression i think i dont want to fight this battle anymore. Ive done what i can and theres nothing in my hands anymore. Meds counselling and everything just doesnt seem to work. Fell in love got new friends and changed literally everything im in college and my life keep changing but my depression doesnt seem to be hindered. I give up
depression, So I am pretty sure I have been depressed for a while. I havent been diagnosed. I saw a psychiatric nurse a couple months ago and she strongly recommended I follow up with someone outside the university as it was booked pretty solid. She gave me some numbers and even gave my number to a couple places. I didnt follow up or answer the calls because it feels like admitting I need help is giving up. I know it isnt true. I have helped other people get help and I know it is a good thing. I just cant get over the feeling that it applies to everyone but me. That seeking help is nothing to be ashamed of except in my case. Is it normal to think like that? In the last few months I have gone from not suicidal at all to laying in bed hoping I dont wake up to actively day dreaming about ways to off myself and now it has become like a security blanket. Whenever I have bad days I think well if I kill myself there will be nothing to worry about anymore and it gives me a brief feeling of release. I am scared where this is all leading. If it wasnt for my family I think I would have maybe done it already. The last few months have been a nightmare and today is as bad as it has been. I dont know what I am going to do. I miss having hope.
depression, Man. Thats about all the obit will have.  There is no family to hurt no friends.  Just meat that should be in the ground fertilizing.
depression, Every morning like clockwork I wake up and feel like someones hands are around my neck and its like I cant breathe. Total anxiety takes over and I think about the energy Ill have to spend just to make it through another day.Im in my early 20s and I feel like Im 80. I feel completely alone. I have no one in my life I can turn to. Im an inconvenience to my family and a distant memory to the friends I used to have. People dont text me back. My friends ghost me over time constantly. Ive lost my social skills (or perhaps never had any). My family barely tolerates me. Ive become addicted to cigarettes and alcohol. I just want to be a happy healthy girl with a bright future and something to offer but Im so broken.
depression, I’m pissed off I can’t kill myself because of my family. Why the fuck do people have to care? Why can’t they just find a new person to place their hopes in? Because of them I have to live with this piece of shit life and this piece of shit person I am and pretend everything’s fine. I would seriously do it. If I just couldn’t see their faces during those last moments in my mind. I feel everyone is clinging to my ankles. My family is the ball and chain to this reality. I should consider myself lucky I even have people in my life that love me. But Love is just another burden to carry and It was a mistake to care for me. I will always hate myself and other people and this world. Just a waste of space resources energy…potential. Just a shame.
mentalhealth, Like half an hour earlier I was talking to so many people but I stay up late and everyone went to bed. Now I’m sitting here and all my brain keeps telling me that I’m good for nothing and no one likes me. I’m starting to believe and and don’t now why. Like I should be happy I have a decent amount of friends again and I’m getting matches on dating apps finally and having good convo. Why does my brain have to make me feel so bad
depression, I have a loyal middle eastern girlfriend I get along with have an active sex life for about 6 months been lifting consistently started going to college a year ago and made good grades been working 2 days a week for money been still making music like I have for years. Even with all this great stuff on paper Im still absolutely miserable. Everything feels like a chore and grind. I hate living in this degenerate society hate working hate going to school hate socializing with people hanging with my gf often feels like a chore. Even after a solid 2 years since turning my life around I am longing to just lock myself in my room and play CSGO and watch YouTube all day. Whats going on?
socialanxiety, I have a friend who I’ve gotten immensely close with over the past 2 years. I’ve spent countless hours/nights at her house and with her friends and consider her friends my friends. Tonight they invited me for board games I drove 30 mins to get there sat in my car for 30 mins and drove home. I can’t tell if I felt social anxiety or if I’m just tired of mustering up the energy to be social. I love her I love her parents I love her friends. But I’m losing it I don’t even want to hang out because it’s too much work. I feel like “normal” for me is mustering up the courage to say “fuck it I’m anxious but I’m doing it anyway.” Now even that doesn’t seem worth it to me. Im at a loss because I’ve literally never had a bad time around her/them. But tonight I just got so disgusted with myself I drove home without saying anything.
depression, Ive always had problems with depression and Ive always been able to fight it because I have a great family and some great friends. Ive never been able to become emotionally close to anyone romantically though and Im still not able to.Over the years its gotten worse. I assumed it was environmental so I stopped bartending and started doing meaningful work. It seems to have just solidified that I am the problem not my intentions or surroundings or how much fulfillment I find in my livelihood.A few years later Ive got a good rewarding challenging job at a high school. But the contrast between the example I need to be for students and the person I am is becoming too big a gulf for me to handle. I cry almost every night because I dont know how else to express myself. Even my most trusted friends havent understood the problems I tell them because none of them can relate to the absence of emotional support I end up resenting their efforts which makes me feel even worse.I tried joining OKCupid in earnest trying to meet someone but I cant bring myself to contact anyone-- I feel like a cancer thats just going to infect others. It just made it so much worse like being confronted with the uselessness of my situation.I need help. For months Ive wanted to kill myself and I find myself planning to do it once I complete certain projects at work so I dont completely fuck over my work and students. In the meantime Im sleeping all the time blowing off obligations actively trying to kill connections I have because I slip back into severe self-loathing. Im writing this because Im afraid Im actually going to make the choice after so many years.
depression, I’m too tired of her manipulative nature. I just went back for a few days and I already want to get rid of her for this world since the first few hours I landed. My sister has to move to the other end of the country already to just feel a little better. I’m studying on the other side of the earth and just really try to get a job there so I don’t have to move back. My father is tired and just ignored her every time she picked a fight. But every time he went out so she could calm down she would talk behind his back that he is the person who is angry and stubborn and she describes herself like a saint for putting up with him. She went on and on about how he doesn’t want her to be better in term of everything (making money investing etc) Every time I heard that I just want to push her down the floor. My father is a workaholic and very simple man. He does not go out much or have a drinking issue and he lets her win every time she picks a fight. I don’t know through her story of the youth I even feel like he loves her but she just married him out of convenience (he is obedient to her)She freakingly plan a vacation no one in the family wants to go but even then she would just booked the tickets and if we refused nagging and screaming non-stop until she all agree to go. She came to my sister’s place (another part of the country) stays there and now plans to stay for a longer period of time forcing my sister to sleep with her friend who shares the apartment with her (2-bedroom apartment). And when I try to reason with her it is not okay to just force them to share like that when she takes over my sister’s room she would just be like “oh it’s all good nothing’s wrong about it”She made me cancel a trip with a friend which I don’t really mind since both of us haven’t book tickets yet (thank god) All just because she doesn’t want to carry a luggage that’s full of stuffs that she told me to buy (That luggage is mine but all the stuffs in there are what she tells me to buy like vitamins etc). If I cancel the trip then I can bring that luggage to her place later (If I go on the trip I will only bring a small carry on with me)I had talked privately to both my sister and father already. They were all “just ignore her or she will throw a tantrum”. But I wonder why do they even need to keep up with her and for how long more until they die? This is probably the last time I will be back in my country for years to come but I cannot imagine what effects would she have on both of them for that period of time. During the time in college my sister attempts suicide a few times though I was able to interfere a bit because she doesn’t follow what that woman wanted her to study. Now when she is all good with a pretty high-paying job that woman still wants to butt into her life and she is still very depressed last time I check.I don’t know my sister begs me to keep the family together since she felt like it’s her fault even though it is not but the person that gave birth to us biological does not care anyway she only cares about her son (he is 17 years younger than me and my sister you know what is going there – Asian). I’m too tired of her tantrum and just really don’t want my father and sister (and in the future my brother) to keep putting up with her like this. Tbh I don’t really mind going to jail or just kill myself right after I made sure she is dead. I already attempted on my life a few times until I saw how I need to keep going so my sister will not break. (I just really love my sister and try to help her with everything I could even with money) I don’t know I think she will live and become a little happier if I also take that woman to the grave with me.Sorry for all unorganized stuffs I just need to let this out before I actually went on to plan something involving her gone for good.P.s: If anyone go on to talk about her raising me and my sister my grandma and nanny did all the work I did not even drink breast milk lolllll Oh and she actually believed I was male while she was pregnant (sth wrong with early ultrasound?) so if she knew I was female maybe I would not be here haha
depression, It seems my entire life everything I’ve done has always been on behalf of other people. And anytime I try to make a decision for myself all of a sudden it’s a bad thing. Ironically this energy has always came from the people that claim they care about me the most; when they are actually the ones that are the harshest. I can see it maybe coming from a sense of care and wanting to look out for me but the intensity of the harshness seems to have another motive. As if it is more of a social second hand embarrassment of being around me rather than trying to give me advice to improve. I have not had a single person family of friend stick around with me for life because of this. I’m so sick of doing things I want by myself for myself. Just once I’d like to have a sense of support group. And not through pity not through false praise only to laugh at me when I fall. But because of genuine support and belief in me. I’m deteriorating from the inside out. I’ve lived on autopilot for at least 13 years. I’ve blinked and now I’m 27 with absolutely nothing to show for it. Flunked out of college no kids not married (surprisingly I’ve had a boyfriend for 7 years) don’t even have a pet (which was a dream of mine for a long time) and still working in food and beverage for 10 years barely scraping by with my hours getting cut by the week regardless of the little work ethic I do have. I’ve dealt with the trauma of grief abuse of every single kind loss of jobs/schooling burnout natural disasters eating disorders several arrests self harm/mutilation isolation bullying suicidal ideations/attempts scapegoating you name it. My brain fog has gotten so severe that I can’t even speak properly. I can’t form sentences I always mess up my words and pronunciations of them and I can never find the word I need when I need it. I have never gotten in the habit of eating properly showering daily or exercising. I can’t clean up after myself and I’d be lucky to pick up one item off the floor. I have no hobbies because literally nothing sounds fun to me to even try. And the few things I have tried to pick up and enjoy I get a sense of humiliation and embarrassment behind it because it feels foolish for me to enjoy something so stupid. I am a literal shell of a human that I never even got to know. I’ve pushed my suicide age from 18 to 21 to 25 and now I’m looking at 35. And yet because of my sense of autopilot I haven’t even planned for that yet I don’t know what to do when I pass that age because I don’t think I would get this far. And before everyone jumps up and says “ID SPEAK TO A THERAPIST” - absolutely fucking not. The main reason why I will never go to a psychiatrist ever again is because I will never be able to be truthful. If I am truthful about how I feel I will be hogtied and thrown into a real bouncy room with a jacket that lets me hug myself in less than an hour. Everything that I somehow have worked for will be stripped away from me. I’d rather not go at all rather than lie and get misdiagnosed and mistreated as a result. I’ve unfortunately learned this the hard way. It’s not. Fucking. Happening.I don’t think I can be fixed. I don’t even know if I would want to be fixed anyways. And that’s the scariest part. I hate who I am right now but at least I’m true to myself. I feel like if I tried to fix myself then I’d be lying to myself as if that’s now who I truly am. Is it worth becoming a different person to be better? Or is it better to be yourself regardless of how shitty you are?
mentalhealth, Hey everyone sort of bland/simple question here:Lately I have been having these episodes where it feels like my brain (or I guess in further context the negative side of it) takes full control...By that I mean; I’ll be doing completely fine then all of a sudden I’m flooded with thoughts of hopelessness depression despair and more recently... suicide. To sum up what the state is like; I lose all interest in life as a whole and for some reason see suicide as the only way out. While these thoughts are flooding me I can’t seem to do anything- almost as if I’m not in control..? I know some great coping mechanisms to try to “calm me down” but it’s as if the idea of calming down is unrealistic when it’s all happening. Basically my mind takes control for a certain amount of time and then randomly the thoughts leave.. and I’m in a good mood again.Does anyone know what this may be due to? Is there some sort of disorder this could be?Also: I’m going to be going back to my therapist very soon just wanted some opinions on this for the meantime... things have been pretty bad lately.
depression, I decided that if I turn 40 and am still single Ill just kms. Cant wait. I hate it here. Only 8 more years of livimg in hell to go.Gotta smash my face into bricks hoping someone will even notice im around. No one needs me or notices me. No one would even miss me if im gone. Im just an average looks poor disabled person. Aka the last person any woman wants. God i hurt so much. Make it stop. Fuck this life.
mentalhealth, I’m not sure I have cycles that go on in my life. I can’t stay sober and if I do I deal with my ed and if not that then it’s self harm and it’s so confusing but for the first time ever I’ve been free from doing any of that stuff and I’ve never felt more miserable. I miss feeling something now I feel nothing and the worst part is I can’t tell anyone I’m just so confused
mentalhealth, i feel as if i am drowning in my depression. i put on a mask for family and friends but half of them would not even care if I were gone. People say dont kill yourself other people need you or its selfish to kill urself but honestly idec any more. you want me to be unhappy even longer for you? fuck that if  you needed me so much you would check in on me. i recently went to a friends house here brothers were calling my a f@g and a tranny because im pansexual and non binary. My grandparents are old yes. but that doesnt excuse the fact that they are calling me it or she and *deadname*. my mom gets ad at them for it then just isnt even trying to use they/them pronouns. Ive talked about being non binary for a while and people think it is just a phase. Im writing this here because people like to be fuckin snooping up in my room. this might sound dumb but my cats are the only reason i am still here because i know for a fact my mom would get rid of them in a heartbeat. My sister is trying to here by looking for my razor but its not helping and shes trying to talk to me about my feelings. i have a therapist but it feels worthless. im privliged im white im female to the public eye and no one openly knows about my problems. My only friend that i put all my happiness on is suiciedal to except i  cant imagine life without them. Im in love with them and dont want to worry them with my problems. I want them to be as happy as they can possibly be. we make jokes about dating but i cant ever tell if it has any truth to it. if they were to kill themselves i couldnt even be able to live another second.
mentalhealth, Im 16 and I was diagnosed with MDD and anxiety back in middle school. Back in December I was diagnosed with MDD and chronic PTSD. I have also been diagnosed with asthma and acid reflux (GERD) and my tailbone is bent into my right butt cheek (lol).My parents know Ive self-harmed (cutting and strangling myself) have panic attacks and that I struggle with near constant suicidal thoughts and feelings but they dont do anything about it. In fact my step-father has been completely ignoring whatever I have to say about my mental health (that I need support am having a hard time keeping up with cleaning and whenever I try to reinforce my boundaries by asking him to leave me alone). My mother used to be my main support at home but shes moved out and wants space from me for her own sake.That aside I also absolutely hate myself. I look ugly. I feel ugly. Im underweight and I think I have an eating disorder (binge-eating or something similar). I have so many problems and now Im failing school too. Im a disappointment to my family and everyone around me. Ive been dragging everyone down with me or so I feel. Im just a problem myself. A waste of time and money. Hell I feel horrible for my therapist. Every single thing I complain about or consider trauma is so fucking little compared to what everyone else has gone through.All Im expected to do at this point is keep my room clean and pass my classes. Thats all so why the fuck am I so useless? I cant even do one single thing right. I honestly get why my step-father doesnt like me. I dont like me either and I wish I were dead.And then I feel like Im just writing this because I want pity or attention. I feel like maybe Ive only cut and talked about my suicidal thoughts for attention. Why am I so desperate for validation? Sometimes I call crisis hotlines at least once a day even though I know Im such a waste of time and resources. So why do I keep doing it? Why do I keep thinking I actually have mental illnesses? What if its all in my head? I hate myself for not having killed myself back in middle school. And I know think about family and friends but so what? I genuinely believe they would be better off without me. Hell sometimes they even act like it. That they dont want me but just some idealized version of me theyve made up in their head to fucking cope with their own trauma and the fact that they fucked up raising me at one point.And if I really was suicidal wouldnt I have just killed myself? Am I seriously just making up everything up to the point I believe it?
depression, When a psychopath is wronged they fantasize about killing the person who did it sometimes planning it out methodically and sometimes even executing these plans. Due to their methodical nature they are basically chronically annoyed by everybodys petty social issues. **Everybody is stupid and the pointless talking never ends.**I feel like this is very similar to depression in a lot of ways. You always have to pee poop manage hygiene sleep etc. Your body never shuts up. **Me and my body are just so fucking SLOW and STUPID.** Observing my past is like how a psychopath observes other people on a day-to-day basis. NO NO YOU IDIOT SHUT UP SHUT UP WHAT ARE YOU DOING. You see yourself as a psychopath sees a person who wrongs them. This is where the suicidal thoughts or intent comes from. **You just want to shut yourself up.** A psychopath feels no remorse they only see the problem and a satisfying solution nothing beyond that. Just like a person with depression they arent thinking straight. They arent **looking beyond the problem and solution** they cant follow the wire to find the true weight of their own death.This is kind of tied together even more with fictional concepts like artificial intelligence and lichdom (Voldemort). **Using technology or dark magic to achieve immortality.** Fictional characters like GLaDOS or Voldemort have both ditched their bodies effectively dying in the process and they are both basically psychopaths. I dont know about you guys but these concepts are my dreams; **shutting up your body but CONTINUING WITH LIFE.** No real use to this post just some interesting theorycrafting. It might be a useful way to explain depression. Also the fictional concepts I mentioned above certainly keep me going so maybe it can help you. Look into transhumanism we are trying to make the wishes of the depressed (or just weird old me) into a reality. **TL;DR - Fuck the human body.**
depression, I hate being on the autism spectrum for years Ive been bullied abused and shamed for it called a monster a complete joke worthless a freak and so many things. My friends are always leaving and betraying me because of it my parents complain that they wish they had a normal and better son nobody sees me as normal simply because I was diagnosed but rather a walking meme or complete r*tard. I see autistic people being portrayed on TV as geniuses or good math or video games yet Im literally not a genius or good at any of those things. Everyone hates one me as well for not being good at certain things it gets to the point where when I try to improve and I fail I break down knowing Ill never be as good as everyone else. Because of my autism I cant have kids or else Im pollute the gene pool and create more monster kids. I just want to die already Id kill myself right now if I had a gun and wasnt a huge pussy but obviously that isnt the case though whats the point of being alive if youre objectively unlovable?
depression, I dont  feel like doing anything  anymore.  Video games and Netflix is fun.  I feel like stuck in a black  hole.  I dont  know what to do anymore.  I help others.  Buy my mom things.  Nothing seems to last. I feel better for a while then it gets worse.  Faster then before. Hugs.  Ty for reading.
depression, So this may be a long post the past 2 weeks Ive just been thinking non stop about everything and nothing and I just need a way to vent my thoughts in some way that possibly someone else may see.So just to briefly describe my past I was diagnosed with depression during my last year of school (Year 12 in the UK) although in my mind I tried to deny it. I went from being an outgoing social person to not wanting to leave my room or even seeing anyone. People would come to my house to see me but I would just say I dont want to go out every single time. This lasted for about 5 or 6 months I never took any medication or saw any doctors or anything...I just sat in my room by myself until one day I just wanted to go out again.Obviously leaving school like that I finished with practically nothing I think I had 2 GCSEs. Everyone said Ive ruined my life as I was predicted very high results so I kind of made it my mission to prove everyone wrong. Over the last few years I worked hard during college and managed to finish with top marks and eventually came to university.This is where the problem kind of started again the first few weeks were great. Freshers week and such...also just being in a new place. I got kind of anxious where I was living before (It was a small market town so if I ever went out their was a possibility I would see someone from school which I didnt want to deal with.)University started in September but by about February/March I started to feel that way again I didnt want to go clubbing I didnt want to join in at parties I just wanted to kind of chill out and the same routine eventually happened. After a while people just stop bothering and it was my fault I knew that but I was reluctant to change.To be honest though none of this greatly affected me I had a few close friends that I would spend time with but overall I didnt mind being alone a lot of the time. For whatever reason though now in June Ive come back home for the Summer and suddenly it feels like the world around me has just collapsed for absolutely no reason. Almost like everything over the last few years slowly built up and up until I just couldnt take it anymore. I started to cry myself to sleep considering I havent cried since I was 15 this was a big deal to me. For the first time in my life I just feel like theirs no point in living like I just dont enjoy anything anymore. Its kind of hard to admit but Ive almost been in denial the last year over whats wrong with me. I finally told my parents for the first time which wasnt easy. I hate the thought of someone worrying about me and prefer to deal with my problems myself.Ive even kind of been suicidal the last week I feel like if I had a method to do it I would instead I just lay in bed and think about it.To top it off a girl Ive felt really close to for the last 2-3 months told me that shes been unintentionally trying to push me away because of how close weve become. It makes me feel like shit but I cant tell her the worst part is I just dont understand. I feel like maybe letting her go would be best for her possibly (Although she says she doesnt want that) but the thought of losing her makes me miserable.I think just the general feeling of not knowing what to do and having no control is really whats making me feel so down.How do you cope with this feeling?Sorry for such a long post and if anyones actually read this far down I really appreciate it.
mentalhealth, Im very certain at this point that I have an eating disorder depression and anxiety (who knows what else?). The thing is I dont feel like I belong to any kind of community since Im not diagnosed. I dont feel like I get to announce my struggles bcuz of that. I know not everyone believes in self-diagnosis but Im very certain and sure of what I have exactly. But even tho I experience all of the symptoms for the disorders that I mentioned above I still feel sort of fake (?) bcuz again I dont have an official diagnosis. The other day I saw this post on instagram this girl whos a recovered anorexic saying she killed herself for a diagnosis which is exactly what Im doing wanting to be sick enough to get diagnosed. Logically a healthy person would not want to be sick. But yeah... Thats how my mind works.I just wanna know if anyone else experiences the same feeling of invalidity or has a similar story? Maybe this post can help someone whos struggling the same way who knows?
depression, ps: sh in this is selfharmI was really feeling bad like wanting to die just laying limp and staring at a wall but then i got up and i like smashed this pen under abwater bottle and took one of the sharp clear bits and clawed into my leg with it and i liked seeing the scar and i felt better after so i quickly used the energy to do a ‘good’ coping mechanism and just took a showerso was it still selfharm if i was fine after? im def gonna do it again since it helped so much but thats not bad??? im feeling better so its not harm?? idk im confused
depression, Im so tired of feeling alone. I had a real boyfriend for 6 months and towards the end once we started to become really really close he became excruciatingly needy. So I broke up with him and he bothered me for a month and a half until it was finally subdued. And now the only friend who wants or can hang out has a boyfriend. The boyfriend is freaking great. Thats the problem. My friend and him started dating the same time I was with my ex but they outlasted us because mine is crippled with anxiety. And Im full of anxiety and combined type ADHD thats so bad they treated me with all sorts of bipolar drugs. Well that didnt work so I guess I have to go through like a million years of therapy until money runs dry. So my friend and her boyfriend are chill like theyre not that couple clinging to each other everywhere in public. I even let them sleepover while my parents were out of town. I dont know if that made things better or worse. I cant even be jealous of her. Shes a great friend and she knows how to calm me down and encourage me I just feel like I deserve nothing but yet I need so much. Its just been really hard having no one to love me I guess no one for me to cling onto. I dont even want to fuck around with anyone. The only guys Im comfortable around are at my part-time job but they all gossip about each other so I feel like no one will ever want me. Im too freaking busy with high school and leadership in clubs and stuff to relax but I dont even know how. I just do so much throughout the day I just crash sleep rinse &amp; repeat. I think I have functional loneliness. I dont know. I just feel like complete garbage. I dont know who I am anymore.
depression, Does anyone else feel this way? Its also one of the reasons I dont try to get help. What if it turns out Im perfectly healthy and that Im just a shitty person?
depression, Ive craved for a hug wanted love and care for years. But i know that nobody is willing to do so because i suck!! My parents always beat me.So i had multiple suicide attempts...they all dont work(Im too silly i guess.) How can i make people love me. help this is probably the last call.sorry for my poor English...im 10 years old and not native
depression, Had this on a get-to-know-you paper in college today. Felt stumped for a second. I thought should I put my major? How can I think about a dream job when pretty much nothing makes me happy anymore? Which scares me when thinking about having a job later in life. It could be the best job ever and I dont think it would really make me happy like it would some people. The more I think about things like this the more indecisive about everything I feel. I sometimes wish someone could just tell me what my purpose in life was so I could just do that to the best of my ability but again I feel like even if I did do something seen as my purpose I still wouldnt be happy I could do it but what would really be the point in the long run. The most I could really hope to do with my abilities is come up with some new technology. Woopdeedoo. I thought Id moved past this feeling of needing to have a grand purpose but I guess not
depression, I honestly dont know how to start this but I cant stand feeling like this anymore. When I was 9 (or 10) I was sexually abused by my grandfather and older cousin. I thought I was over it but I guess Im not. I dont know if it has anything to do with my depression though.I cant stand feeling empty and depressed for the rest of my life. I dread getting out of bed because I know how Ill feel for the rest of the day for the rest of my life. Ive started to care less about important things and its really messing me up.I tried to tell my parents that I was depressed and needed to see a therapist because Im under 18 so I cant go by myself. They didnt believe me they just gave me the you dont have anything to be depressed about speech. I told them I didnt know why Im depressed; I honestly dont.I dont know what good itll do if I post this here but I guess Ill say goodbye anyways.
depression, Hey all...I was wondering...Ive been feeling for like shit on the inside for a while now. School started recently and subjects (obviously) are quite a bit more difficult.Im finding it hard to concentrate and remember certain concepts and lack motivation. I tend to procrastinate frequently.Does anyone have any tips? I dont think luck is on my side this time...Thanks.
depression, I dont know what to do anymore...Im still wondering if anyone here will even read what Im saying. If Ill just be ignored like everyone else...Just...Ive been depressed since 6th grade. Majorly. I started burning myself (primarily wrist and thighs.) And in eighth grade I discovered cutting. Ive been cutting nearly everyday now. Some days more major than the other. My life has just been basically shit ever since I was born..My dad walked out on my mom when I was two. He called me a bullshit child everyday until he left. (Im a girl by the way.) When I was little I got beat up a lot. Especially in day-care. And the people who were watching us never did anything about it. At the age of five I had already gotten 56 stitches in various places. I still have those scars to this day. When I was seven my mom had this boyfriend of hers. I absolutely adored him. But like those child abuse stories he beat me when my mom was gone. And my mom would never believe what I was saying because he would always make up these bullshit lies. It got to the point where I was sexually abused too. But thankfully one day my mom and him broke up. She came back home with a black eye. Fast-forward to eighth grade. Was still getting bullied. I have been since 6th grade when I accidentally cut all my hair off. Anyways I met this guy. For the first few months he was amazing. Treated me like I was the only one in his eyes. But then rumors started flying around saying that he was sleeping with this girl and that girl. I never believed them. He could never do that to me. I said. But Ill come back to that later. At this point weve been dating for about six months. Havent done anything sexual yet even though hes tried. I then srarted to realize he was becoming a little more aggressive with me when I came over. Like he would push me down if I disagreed with him. At first it was a slight push but then it turned to knocking me down on the floor. He starting pinching me eventually turning into slapping me across the face. He started punching my legs. He threatened to kill me if he told anyone what he was doing to me. So being the stupid person I am I never told anyone. I let him beat me. Then it started to get more aggressive. One night he forceably took my clothes off and raped me. I was a virgin so it hurt like a fucking bitch. Nobody was home so nobody could hear me cry...When he was done he had to pee so I put on as much clothes as I could and ran out of his padio window which was across from his room. I hadnt brought my cell phone so I ran the two miles to my house. Thanking God it was at night time because I was hardly wearing clothes. I told my mom everything...Then more shit happened. I eventually ran away from home. Not knowing where to go just somewhere away from there. I thought that maybe Id get lucky and someone would kill me. I found someone who could give me a ride to their house which was two hours away from where I lived. He drove me to his house and thats where I lived for the next couple of days. You can fucking only think what happened then... Im just not going to go into detail...itd just sound like Im repeating myself..But I eventually was found. I wish I wasnt. I just wanted to die. Ive lost my sense of emotion. I dont feel anything anymore. I feel as if Im a zombie...Hence why Im coming here. I dont know what to do...Nobody is probably going to even read this... I have pills right next to me. I have a knife too...My moms car is also in the garage and shes sleeping and I know exactly where her car keys are...Just please give me advice...I dont want to feel like this anymore. The feeling of self-hatred. The feeling that nothing is ever going to get better...The feeling that everyone hates me. My anxiety gets so bad at school. Just..Ugh..
mentalhealth, Hi 19m Ive been struggling with what generally seem to be auditory hallucinations and theyre all very negative and critical and make it hard to do daily activities and its given me a fear of windows. But about thinking you hear people talking or whispering or mistaking random noises as peoples voices how do I stop? Can I make it stop? Can I only find distractions and try and continue to be casual and not care what theyre saying? What can I do? Thank you.
depression, Why do they lock you up and torture you just because yo ucant take the pain anymore? Im talking about mental hospitals.Also those metnal hospitals dont help me they make everything worse.But they force me to live or they lock me up. Why is this system so evil?
mentalhealth, Whenever I start talking to a guy. I literally become obsessed for their attention. I’ll check snap scores to see if they’re ignoring me (never are) I’ll check their location if they have it on. I know that it isn’t healthy to think like this but I literally can’t help it. I won’t act out or anything. I don’t double text (even though it literally kills me not to) but I’ll be sitting and thinking about them all day and it gets me super anxious and sad to where I feel super uncomfortable by myself. I have to surround myself with friends to chill me out. Is this normal? Anyone else experience anything like this?
socialanxiety, My anxiety is so volatile its incredible. Everything has been going great lately 2 minor incidents and my anxiety peaked again. I dont remember the last time i felt this way in months. This is the problem with anxiety its unlike viruses or a headache. Sometimes you cant make it go away its persistent.Its a distorted view of the world that keeps triggering your fight or flight system. A world where as a child you can get beat up sexually assaulted mocked humiliated intimated etc.. No wonder we turned up this way. I havent realized until lately the impacts of what happened to me during my childhood.Ive been digging up with my therapist and what an impact society has on the forming of the individual. I figured out that my anxiety is more situational than permanent fueled by sessions of ruminations and caused by genetic predisposition and traumas. My ruminations consists of a mode.A mode I enter subconciously the moment I get bored with something where I think of oscar-worthy ideas scenarios of things that happened or about to happen in my life. With my inner voice i do a monologue mainly describing whats happening in my imagination of what the thing ( whats about to happen ) would look like in my mind. And those images when I imagine them trigger an adrenaline rush depending on the gravity of the image.Basically whatever youre really afraid of because of traumas  would happen in your imagination in those images. Thats your mind trying to tell you hey look remember last time you were in that situation? RUN. And those uneasy feelings will be more intense the more you think of the situation.In some situations lets say in my case a date i could really get sick before going. no appetite sweating trembling blushing easily trouble breathing you know the recipe. So its annoying as fuck.&amp;#x200B;Anyway thats how it works with me. Thank you for reading and if you feel down know its temporary. Feel free to share.
depression, So this has been on my mind for a while now and its dragging me down so I just need to get it out there. I have a pretty good life all-around I have friends good grades supportive family and a girlfriend that loves me very much but it has never seemed to be enough. I always feel weighed down by my negative feelings that seemingly have no source. This has always bothered me that I am sad even when I have no reason to be but I  learning to live with it.Anyway my girlfriend and I both go to the same college and she has been great. I dont think she really knows about my depression-related issues as I tend to not open up but she has helped me out a ton. However she has been struggling to find her way in school and has suggested that she might switch schools for her degree. She mentioned this to me just off-hand and it immediately crushed me. I said she couldnt and she scolded me for being unfair and trying to hold her back.I know that she has a right to follow her dreams even if they dont include me but I also know that I probably wouldnt be able to survive without her. Im the type that when one thing goes wrong suddenly everything in the world is wrong and can never be fixed. It scares the shit out of me that I have so much invested in one person that I would be nothing without her and its completely unfair to her to put that pressure on her.Its looking more and more like this will become a reality and I just dont know what to do.
depression, I think a lot of has do with not doing anything all day and just makes me feel like shit. The darkness doesnt help my mood either.Edit damn I really thought it was just me. Sorry everyone depressions a bitch.
mentalhealth, I dont know how many people are going to see this but I wanna get it off my chest. After retaining my self-hatred feelings and depressing thoughts from sixth grade to current 19 y/o me I think Im finally ready to try therapy. Ive been hesitant to mostly because Im afraid of being looked at/treated differently and just the unknown part of therapy in general. Its probably not a super big step for some but a giant one for me :). Im just so mentally exhausted from masking whats going on in my head and not letting anything out. I went through so many years of crying hurting myself coping wrong and worse that its just really taken a toll on me. I really hope things go well because I just wanna have a normal working head instead of one convincing me to hate myself. Thank you for anyone that reads this I just wanted to let somebody know.Edit: thank you all so much you dont know what youre simple words mean to me :)
depression, ...is by telling myself that tomorrow will be the day I kill myself.Tonights especially bad though -- I dont know if it will work tonight.
mentalhealth, I’ve recently come to the conclusion that part of my anxiety is religion mostly Christianity. I’m a gay male in my mid-30s brought up southern baptist with a racist/prejudice family(mostly). As I type this out I’m like hmmmm; maybe they put me here. Back to what I was staying about Christianity. I know there’s several other religions out there that are very queer phobic(if that’s the best way to put it). I’m just most familiar with this one. When I first started to come out to my family I had an aunt tell me that “living through your sin for happiness now means you’ll spend eternity in hell. Why not just be miserable now and enjoy eternity in heaven?!” It has kind of stuck with me over the years. I came out when I was 19yo. And then I see how half of the USA is conservative and against it even more vocal now than before just keeps pushing me further into anxiety. Reading into what the Bible says about homosexuality or at least that authors interpretation of it. It’s just hard to believe that a God/higher power would be so judgmental and hateful. I don’t want to go to hell if that’s a real place either. Ahhhhh it’s just so stressful. I’ve been attracted to men my whole life I can remember back when Titanic came out and how attracted I was to Leonardo DiCaprio. It’s not like I woke up that day and said; hey I’m attracted to him out of nowhere. So if said God/higher power created earth our home then why did he create me if it’s such a sin? A Christian would probably tell me the devil got to me and he’s inside me and I need to go to church and live for the Lord right?! And I’m saved and baptized at a young age but this still has happened. So is he not the all powerful after all to not keep the devil out of me. I’m just so frustrated annoyed confused angry afraid….want to scream at the top of my lungs to “just send me to fucking hell already”. Because I’m tired of being anxious and judged. Thanks for reading! 😌
depression, I was playing LOL with 3 friends after a while i said hey ill make coffee quickly brb all good i come back to see that i was thrown out the party and they started a game without me another friend also joinedIts cool tho i didnt mind i watched them play and waited for the match to endThen another friend joinsWe are too many players nowBut what about (my name)? I said hey its okay you guys can playI said its okay but why am i crying now then? I blame my depression and strong feeling of lonelinessI hate this
depression, I was in training to be a girl scout camp counselor this week. Today I had a very bad anxiety attack after falling into a lake while canoeing. It was so bad that the nurse had to monitor me for 30 minutes because my heart rate was way too high. It got even worse because the camp directors wouldnt let me take a little while to calm down. They wanted me to continue hiking a long trail across the campgrounds which was the activity scheduled after canoeing. I knew that hiking the trail without calming down first would have made me escalate into a full-blown panic attack and would have gotten dangerous for me. I had to quit the job. :(
depression, I first started having signs of Depression 4 years ago but tried to write them off as just a momentary annoyance. Just small things like losing interest in games being a little less social at school ect. I never went to see a doctor because I didnt want to be that guy seeing counseling and getting medication.For the most part my high school career was well enough. I made a small friend group and didnt stray from it at all. Never socialized with anyone else but I kept a great GPA that got me into a pretty great college. I finally felt like I was getting out of my Depression over the summer. I wasnt really enjoying things still but I had the motivation to go out and hang with a bunch of different people.Starting college wasnt the best. I kept my grades up still but I was having a hard time leaving my room to meet people. I was never good at meeting new people but after the first two months I secluded myself into my room. I still attended classes had a mostly normal diet ect. Life wasnt horrible I felt a little lonely without a lot of people to talk with but I had Skype and some friends back home so it wasnt awful.Fast forward to this February and I snapped. I fell into the worst wave of Depression I ever felt. I started to sleep unbelievable hours (15 hours plus a day) and I couldnt motivate myself to leave the room for anything other than basic necessities. I went to see a doctor about it and I was told I was experiencing Dysthymia for the past few years but with the sudden change in mood I was diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. I was prescribed Prozac and got monthly counseling sessions. But everything just got worse. Being in college I successfully missed most of my classes this semester and may or may not pass 3 of them. I also completely alienated the whole 1 friend I made first semester and the Skype group I had to fall back on is ripping itself apart with constant arguments. I only left my room in the past 3 months to eat shower and go to the bathroom.5 weeks ago they took me off Prozac and started me on Wellbutrin XL. It has not helped. Most recently I have lost the motivation to leave my room to eat because when I do I just get intense stomach pains. My entire day consists of waking up feeling worse than when I went to sleep lying in bed thinking how it cant get much worse attempt to study for my classes Im missing with little success and then attempt to sleep with tossing and turning for 6 hours.Im not sure what to do anymore... I really feel Ive fucked myself over but I cant muster enough motivation to do anything anymore. I have literally nothing in my life that makes me smile or have any joy. I go back to my doctor next week and Ill probably just be put on another medication that wont do anything for me. It really just feels like this endless cycle of me feeling like a failure because Im letting Depression beat me which makes me feel worse which makes me lose motivation which makes me feel more like a failure. Im at a total loss of where to go and what to do.tl;dr Have depression no motivation to live fucking my life over makes me feel more depressed repeat.
mentalhealth, I spoke to my doctor and will be getting some tests done. I have a feeling it could be narcolepsy but I wanna get all the facts before I accept anything. I’m also adjusting to a new dosage of medication so we’ll see what happens.
mentalhealth, Ever since he started doing video chat appointments instead of in-office i feel like my appointments have been getting shorter and shorter. I recently told him about how my concentration is lacking more than usual. He prescribed me something for adhd. I took it a few times following his instructions and all it did was give me heart palpitations. His response when i told him was “your concentration must be related to your anxiety then.” I asked if there was anything else to try and he just moved on to his next question. This guy has been treating my anxiety and depression for several years but blew off something that he said was a symptom of that. I feel like this always happens with my psychiatrists. They always end up not listening to me or default to suggesting that i get therapy which is prohibitively expensive for me (not to mention that every one of my past therapists has either been too casual to help with anything or told me to “google it” when i ask how to handle something). Am i just doomed to be dealing with this forever?  Am i the problem or are doctors really not putting in as much effort anymore?
depression, Im laying here unable to sleep. Im crying my eyes out and there really is nothing more I would rather do than to kill myself. Its like theres this evil presence in my head like an urge that is taunting me to blow my fucking brains out. I really dont want to continue on living any more. It just isnt worth it. I cant see any reason to go on and Im utterly alone. Ill be so grateful if I can just hold on until the sun comes up. But the more I think about it the more I really do want to kill myself.
depression, If it keeps me from doing something MORE stupid is it really so bad? Of course it’s not a healthy coping mechanism but it’s comforting and barely hurts. If I’m not putting myself at risk and can be reserved.. how is it different than something like masochism?
depression, I didnt really know where else to post this its just been bothering me. I got bullied a lot; Im still in high school so its still common but improving. In 9th grade I got beat up pretty bad nail marks in my neck from where I was getting choked and a large welt on my forehead. When it happened I was listening to this song Lateralus by Tool. I used to love it especially how the lyrics follow the Fibonacci sequence theyre my favorite numbers. But now I cant listen to the song ever again because the memories are too painful. Its still in my phone but I cant delete it I should but I cant get myself to do it for some reason. I loved the song but I cant listen to it ever again for as long as I live. This probably doesnt even fit here but I just needed some understanding ears.
depression, Internal struggle with eating… and wanting to die..A little backstory: two months ago I was working out had abs and everything I looked incredible and was eating SUPER healthy and on a strict **calorie deficit** (e.g I went to sleep hungry)On my birthday I decided I should indulge myself in some type of fast food. And that’s when it started. Here’s the thing though I wasn’t working out for myself I was working out to somehow “hope” that I could become a lot more attractive body-wise and showoff myself to other people “please” them you know make myself hot like I see on social media. **It was working to an extent though. I never felt better in my life. More active and alive.**But the thing is…I wasn’t really doing it for me. And that’s when I went into the depression spiral. I just couldn’t workout anymore knowing I couldn’t even do it for myself. Because I don’t think I’m really that worth it to begin with knowing who I am what I’ve done with my life (**nothing**) etc.The following days after my birthday were me trying to fight the urge for having to eat junk like I did in my birthday and fighting the urge not to workout anymore.Well I threw it all away stopped working out and started eating like crazy and crying my eyeballs out shortly after.Even my stomach couldn’t take all the food and I ended up feeling sick and passed out this happened like 3 days after I began binge eating. I was rushed to the ER.It didn’t stop me though.I don’t know what to do anymore. The past few weeks I pretty much have been binge eating all the time and it has left me completely depressed and useless.**Just two days ago I wanted to kill myself and was already preparing in my mind on how I would sell all my belongings and leave the money to my family along with a video of me or letter saying goodbye.****I started pondering questions like;**•Would I be selfish if I killed myself? What about the people I will leave behind in a devastating state like my mom?•Wouldn’t I be selfish If I lived for others wanting me to live and not for myself??•What happens when you die?  What if you get another shot at life?•What if it’s just black forever? I can be fine with that so long as it’s peaceful.But I don’t want that.I’ve always been a useless bag of meat just walking around so I’m pretty sure I’d be better off if I didn’t exist at all. I’ve been told I’m useless since my teen years I’m not that told that anymore thankfully but the words are engraved into my skull. *Lazy and useless.*My mom would save a lot of money on me if I were dead/gone and use it on my sister instead who has an incredible bright future ahead and even though I barely talk to her anymore I couldn’t be more proud of her. I also felt like I had a bright future ahead 3 years ago before applying to Uni.I just hope she doesn’t throw it all away like I did. I don’t think she will though. She’s much stronger than me.Anyway today i’ve been trying to control my urges and it’s just so fucking hard. Wanting to eat to do something productive to workout…Just eat is all on my mind. Eat sleep and do nothing.I managed to had lunch an apple and as a snack later I had a peanut butter sandwich and one cookie. But this isn’t enough. I want to stuff myself in food. But I know the moment I do it the thoughts of ending my own life will come back stronger. And the thing is just eating that stupid cookie and that sandwich was enough to bring some of them back.I don’t know what to do anymore. I have to eat right now (dinner) but I don’t want to but at the same time I do. It’s frustrating.And the worst part of it is I don’t even know if I want help. I kinda just want to put an end to it all.
depression, I feel so alone right now...... Im at college as a freshman and Im currently having to take 20 credit hours for my major..... I feel so stressed and axious and Im already taking medication for it. On top of that I have a horrible family life and the only person I really trust is my girlfriend who is back home.... and shes not very good at communicating and helping to begin with.... I feel like dropping out but going one would be even more hell because of the shit I would face for my familys financial sacrifices...... I really am so lost and dont know where else to turn..... sorry for the poor writing Im a horrible writer and am not very good at this.....
depression, Hey i’m an 18M from the uk going to uni in a yesr i have always head a large forehead but recently my hairlines receded a fair bit n there’s thinning on top i’ve always been fairly sad kid and anxious about the way a look although i don’t let it show however since noticing this i’ve spiralled into a stage of grief and been for therapy.I don’t want hair transplants or treatment i just need help coming to terms with what’s happening  I feel like i’ll be hideous and no one especially women my age will show any sort of attention to me . I was wondering if there are any guys or girls have had similar experience and if so did it affect you as much as i think it will
depression, Ive never smoked. I just want something to take the edge off. I am fighting everyday but it gets hard sometimes so I need a little help.
depression, This used to be my favorite time of the year. Today Im sitting in my messy house not a decoration in sight. Two years ago my mother was diagnosed with cancer two weeks before Christmas and died February 10. A year before that her mother passed. 4 months after Mom her best friend passed. Her sisters and brother havent kept in touch. My sister and I had a huge fight because of her boyfriend last July and havent spoken since and a month ago my dad was diagnosed with melanoma with mets to his liver and lungs - he has his first treatment tomorrow. I have one good friend left and ugh. I just feel *done* but know suicide will never be an option for me. I wish my mom was here.
mentalhealth, Its been years battling depression and anxiety. I am dependent on stupid meds that seldom help. Theres too much tension. Out of job living with dad working from home to earn just enough pocket money. I was always told I am intelligent. Then why did I fail in my efforts to build a career for myself? They all lied. I dont think I am average. Aged 40 I keep popping in some pill or another all the time. Those pills have side effects that are unbearable. Mom died six years ago. Now nobody needs me. I dont know what to do. I dont have any friends in real life. My hobbies are dead. I dont have stamina even if I force myself to write. I dont see any end to this suffering.
depression, Im kind of an introverted person so I want to know how to get help without really getting my family involved or as few people involved in general. Ive felt this way for about four years and havent really tried to do anything about it. One of my best friends from high school (which was only a few years ago for me) just passed away and like everything else that happens I feel completely indifferent about it. And I hate myself for it. I dont want to be like this anymore.
depression, I want people to be there for me but I just want them to let me be depressed and figure it out myself. I shut off more when they start throwing out suggestions or trying to relate and suck at it.
mentalhealth, ive got to post something but reddit isnt letting me post it coz i wrote alot of words but i cant summarise it and make it any shorter so what should i do
mentalhealth, Hey guys short question here. Last night my girlfriend told me I was talking in my sleep saying “I want to kill myself”. I don’t remember dreaming anything that would cause me to say something like that and I feel well mentally. I’m not experiencing any suicidal thoughts or anything of the sorts so it was quite a shock for her to tell me that this morning. Should I look deeper into this or is this just a crazy random dream related occurrence?
depression, Im 28 and I have struggled on and off with self harm shit since I was about 14. I often feel really suicidal before my periods and then if I do have an episode where I hurt myself or embarrass myself the feelings stick around long after I get my periods too. Im stuck in one of those. Last week I got really jealous at a bar when my boyfriend was talking to a beautiful girl for too long. I disintegrated really quickly and scratched the fuck out of my arm and ripped a ton of hair out. My friends managed to get me out of the bar but Ive been periodically flipping out since then. I am getting worse and worse. My mom is on palliative care for cancer and shes the sweetest nicest person youve ever met and its just not fucking fair. I feel selfish because I think Im taking it worse than she is. I feel like I use her illness as an excuse to be miserable.I just became kind of a step-mom a few months ago. My boyfriend has half custody of his 4-year-old and we live together. First off I just want to say that I love that little boy. But his routines are so different with us and with mom and hes four. Its tantrum season. When hes with us its just one tantrum after another. I usually stay composed but its so fucking draining. When he leaves Im so fucking relieved. I dread him coming back and I legitimately hate myself for that. I thought I was going to be good at being a step-mom but Im not. I used to want my own kids but now I dont even know. I also have a drinking and drug problem. Everyone I know drinks and does drugs and I cant get away from it. I turn into a monster. Im quickly burning down all my bridges. I hate myself for how many times Ive flipped out about coke. Im polyamorous but Im also the most insanely jealous person youve ever met. I hate myself extra for this hypocrisy. My boyfriend and I started out in an open relationship but when I got the bad news about my mom he offered to reel it in and focus on each other because I was having a hard time. So now were closed. Sometimes I feel feelings growing for someone else but I tamp it down. I really could use the extra love... I feel like a black hole for love Im struggling and theres too much pressure on my boyfriend.  And he would open back up if I wanted but how could I handle him being with another girl in this state?So many people have been nice to me throughout this but its just not enough. Im sure I will lose many friends through this episode. I thought I was getting better and last night went out on a double date with some friends. Somehow it turned into a coke party at my house and I crashed so fucking hard and literally ran out of my house barefoot crying. I tucked myself under the wheel of a truck and just bawled on the road. A sweet friend came and found me but I was mean to him. I called off work today. I never used to call off work and now its all the time. I dont know how to explain to my job whats going on. Im really good at my job and its one thing Ive got going for me. But I actually hate the work I do... I work with the public and Im tired of the abuse. Ive been spending money like never before. I used to have an emergency fund but now its almost completely depleted. For some reason my boyfriend loves me and has stuck by me through this even though he gets the worst of it from me. I have been so hard on him. I have no idea why he loves me. I just made an appointment with a therapist but I felt like he already hated me on the phone. I just googled him a bunch and hes apparently a sex therapist... like helping old dudes get boners again. He is probably not going to want to work with me because Im so much of a disaster. I wish all I needed was a boner.
mentalhealth, This is somewhat of a long one but I just need to rant. I met my partner about a year and half ago through a mutual friend and we hadn’t officially started dating until late June this year. I’m a non-monogamist and I made that very clear to them before anything progressed. Even still they constantly wanted to spend time with me and would get upset when I would mention that I was still speaking to other people. I did it out of respect because we were progressing fast and I just wanted to make sure they were aware of what I was doing.I would trek 40 minutes to go spend time with them and their family because they felt comfortable enough with me. I appreciated them opening up to me and so in turn I opened back up to them. I told them I take medication and that I am currently seeing a therapist and a psychiatrist and they said they understood mental health is very difficult to navigate through. Well to be honest they never really were a good partner because my love language is touch and quality time (two things they definitely do not like). They invited me to their birthday party where I was going to meet their friends for the first time. I was really anxious so I had a few drinks (I hadn’t been drinking since I started my meds back in February). I got drunker as the night progressed and started to develop sadness I hadn’t felt in a very long time. I started to cry in the bathroom and they came in and started getting upset with me because I was drunk and being a nuisance. A friend of ours tried to help me get it together but it only made it worse and I got even more sad because my partner refused to talk to me at their party. So I decided to do some more reckless things to get their attention and tried c*ke for the first time and got extremely erratic and irrational. I could feel them getting even more upset with me to where my friend came up to me and basically told me I was being selfish because I wanted my partners attention. I got upset and decided to drive myself home and make my attempt. I called them several times before I got to my house and I never got an answer. So I proceeded and in my drunken drugged state I sent videos of me slurring. (No I don’t agree with what I did and I do feel guilty to subjecting my partner to my behavior but I was so hurt and all I wanted was then to comfort me). The morning after they called me numerous times but I never answered because I was having withdrawals from all of the medicine I took and had to drive myself to the ER. They sent me a long text about how they needed to be away from me and that I needed to get help. They also said I was wrong for sending those videos to them and my other friends and I should apologize to them. I only replied “okay” because I honestly almost died had I not taken myself to the hospital. I spend a whole month in the hospital/psych ward and during that whole time my partner blocked me on everything and hasn’t talked to since. I honestly do feel extremely guilty for putting all of them in such a traumatic situation but literally no one was trying to care for me or calm me down. Everyone just kept gaslighting me and telling me I was crazy or selfish or that my attempt better work because of all of the trouble I went to.After I was released I texted all of my friends that were there at the party that I was removing myself from their friend group and that I would never speak to any of them again. Most responded positively but none of them apologized for treating me the way they did. One friend went as far as making my attempt about themselves and told me that I blame her for what I did. I responded with “I only blame myself” and called it a day. After that whole scenario I’m too scared to even think about dating anyone because of the trauma I put my last partner through. I really do want a companion/someone to love but I’m honestly so scared of hurting myself again.I know I’m responsible for myself and my own actions but is it wrong for me to dislike my partner for refusing to be there for me??
depression, I’m male 18 years old I’ve had depression for about year now I have spoken about it with four of my closest friends 2 of them didn’t give a fuck and the other two tried to care for a while I’m feeling alone and nothing seems to help
depression, Every time I think I’m getting better BOOM something else drags me deeper than I was before! Don’t know how much longer I can cope 😭
depression, How can I keep this is up?I ask myself this as I wash my face in morning. I look up and staring back at me is the reflection of a shell of a man. He stares back at me as I wonder how long Ill be able to keep pretending that I give a shit about living. Im tired. Not from the sleep deprivation but from this never ending loop of life; a loop which Ive found pointless all my life. Even the most mundane tasks seem like a mission to me... Im not sure how much longer I can keep up this facade. Im a walking corpse. My soul is dead and I wait for my body to follow. Every day it becomes more and more difficult to get out of bed and pretend to be normal. I dont think I can do this anymore.
depression, Hello all...Im in a bad place mentally.  And while Im am absolutely certain that I need help I dont know where or how to get it.If I tell my Psych how Im feeling and what my thoughts are I know they are going to hold my in a psych ward so if I cant feel okay to state the truth about how I feel to the people trained to help me who can I go to? Anyone else been in the same situation?Thanks!
depression, Has anyone experienced an unpleasant withdrawing effect from Prozac such as extreme mood fluctuation?  Thanks
depression, Hi PeopleI just subscribed on this sub. I am new here. I want some immidiate suggestions/information/experience on panic attacks and depression.Is it OK to write a long post here. I will edit this same post to the actual thing I wanna share and seek help on.ThanksJaved
depression, My new psych thinks I have borderline personality disorder and not depression and its annoying me. Because he was like its not your fault you cant be empathetic towards others when I know for a fact that Im empathetic and kind towards 99% of the world pop. He basically thinks I have bpd because I self harm and am bitter about being used and thrown away like trash by all my old friends as if thats not a justified reaction to people taking advantage of you time and time again.
mentalhealth, Have decided that it is time for myself to start seeing a therapist but when I go to look online I cannot determine the correct professional to seek out. I am a 35 YO single male and have consistently had problems connecting with family friends relationships etc. and have a tendency to push myself away from those I care about. I somewhat believe that I have yet to experience what actual love for another person Im dating feels like. I have a tendency to focus on the negative aspects of a partner and not the positives. I recently ended a relationship with an amazing woman and am dealing with the probability that ending it was a mistake and that the issues I had with it were possibly solvable with effort and communication. I dont want to be this overcalculating unloving person any more but am not sure where to start. I also am struggling with a bit of a midlife crisis not content with what I am doing but unable to make the changes or know the changes I need to make to improve my state of mind.&amp;#x200B;Edit: i am not necessarily looking to see an online resource I am just trying to use the Web/My Health Insurance site to find the local resource or  specialty I need. I see Marriage and family Therapists Psychiatrists Social Workers Counselors but nothing like Genereic Therapist
depression, I can hardly breathe. Now I have to go to the doctor. That means touching water while Im feverish. I dont feel like doing anything let alone go out to show a doc. But the chest pain is really bad and I have to do this. Here we go...
depression, Over the last year I’ve really been letting myself go. There isn’t much I care for anymore. I don’t care about college as much as I need to. My future is being affected by my lack of motivation. I’m sinking deeper into my sadness with every day that passes. I’m reaching lows that I never thought I could reach. Every day I fantasize about dying. I’m not suicidal but if there were a way to end things without directly affecting someone else then I would take it without hesitation. I reached out to my mom about how I’ve been declining but I was told to man up.I can’t. I’m hurting and there is no one I can reach out to. I’m fucking crying while typing this bullshit to strangers on the internet. My life is that pathetic. I’m surrounded by people who care about me but here I am. I just wish I could go back to my old self. God knows I wasn’t much better then but at least I wasn’t drowning in self pity.Thanks for reading.
depression, I dont have a future I start to dont care about everything I take my time Im lost Im bored everytime. I have the impression that life has become bland that life is pointless. I want to go back when i was happy everytime. Its been about 1 year ago that it lasts one year feeling bad feeling something wrong but i dont know what is it... I dont know what will make me happy i think nothing can cheer me up.
depression, Im a 25 year old female whos been suffering from severe depression for years. Ive never figured out my purpose of living; I go to a college and will soon work and die after working. Whats the point of life? I feel like everyone is just running on a hamster wheel aiming for nothing. Ive been on and off various meds and they completely drove my drive and ambition  away; I have no appetite or sex drive. I have no idea what to do.Should I continue living this way? Mentally struggling has exhausted me throughout my whole life.
depression, Today I was attending a uni orientation for a new course (since I naturally pretty much failed my previous one) and I chose to sit to the right of this random person.Turns out theyre in the exact same class as me!A small hope lights up within me. Maybe I could actually make a friend this time around?I try to strike up conversation regarding the course and some other things but my fucking personalitys so damn flat and awkward IRL and I only managed to make some (pretty mediocre) small talk. The orientation takes a break and I head out to eat.By the time I came back someone else was sitting in the place I had been previously. What.That person Id originally struck up conversation with is also now talking to the others that had been to the left of them + the person who took my seat.I just kind of freeze for a second before deciding to inch by them and sit at a new place thats one or two rows down.I can hear them all talking theyre all chatting pretty animatedly like theyve been friends for ages (I know for a fact none of them had known each other before people to the left introduced themselves while I was still sitting there) and god why am I so abnormal in comparison?Would it have been different if I just hadnt stood up and gone away? Would I have been included too? Maybe I shouldve just faked some charisma somehow? Asked them more things about themselves?Its almost guaranteed that theyve all exchanged social medias by now and Im just going to be the one left out when the actual class starts in a week or so all over again.Granted theres two more days of orientation (tomorrow and the day after that) but friendship circles have probably already been formed and I know for a fact that Im too shy to be able to join any of them easily.Itll never change and Ill be friendless as always.Why am I like this. Why am I like this.I know my current problem might seem like barely anything to people whore experiencing worse. Im just so tired and so bitter about my inability to socialize and how Ive never really had any friends to lean on.
depression, Hello all I am a 27M and have been more or less dealing with Health Anxiety since I was laid off of my job back in April due to COVID19. My health anxiety was about my heart but with reassurance from the doctors and some self CBT I have been very successful at keeping the anxious thoughts and panic attacks at bay. Now here lies my problem now Ive lately become apathetic and have no desire to do anything. The worlds in such a depressive state that no matter what I do or go I see the effects of the world and its starting to bother me. I use to not care about the world or current state of affairs and kept to myself honestly. But with the repetitive routine of doing the same thing of staying at home every day is starting to get to me. I exercise and play guitar/violin to quell my boredom. I also game but thats starting to lose its appeal to me. Its funny I use to wish to have this freedom when I was working but now all I want to do is go back to work so I can something to focus on. I dont know.  talked to my doctor and she said it isnt depression and just told me to think positively.  But as the days drag on and on Im starting to not have any interest or enjoyment out of the things I use to do and enjoy. Lifes becoming dull and repetitive and the monotonous routine is starting to make me wonder if there is a way out. Ive applied to numerous jobs and this week has been really good for me since I have 5 interviews to experience. One of the interviews is for a job I actually want almost like my dream job. The thing is it doesnt bring me happiness like I expected it to. Idk what to do anymore and it just sucks that I feel this down.Edit: Spelling mistakes
mentalhealth, My mom is usually a really nice polite and calm person and she never forces me to do things. But one day her friend picked her up with her car. My moms friends daughter sat in the back of the car with a other gir who was extremely skinny.After they dropped of the girls my mom asked her friend who that girl was. Then she told her that it was the girl who used to go to school with me. She was shocked that she changed so much that she couldnt even recognise her.After my mom came home she told me about that and i literally said to her face I dont care that that girl is anorexic and i wont feel bad for her. She always used to mentally abuse me. And to be honest its her own fault that she became anorexic.Well i used to know that girl since i went to the kindergarden. And she was already extreme toxic and manipulative as a toddler. She used to tell kids who were my friends that i was mentally disabled because my mind and brain werent as developed as the ones from the other kids.She kind of forced me into only being friends with her. And then she would to bad stuff and tell the teachers that it was me because that is what friends do - thats what she told me.We also went to elementary school together and it only got worse.She kind got the class to bully me because i was the shy weird kid. Which gave me really bad anger issues and made me suicidal - i was 7 years old.She also invited me over to her house for a play date and ive never been so happy in my life because noone invented me to their house. So i was at her front door and ringed the doorbell. She opened the door and was like oh its you... You know what i invited another girl over to my house which is more popular that you. Then she told me go get lost. I walked home crying. Then the next day at school she told a fake story about what happened.Well and later that month i had birthday and i wanted to throw a party like in these american movies. I wrote a invitation to every kid in my class. Noone of them came because of that fake story she told. I felt like in movie and just wanted it to be over.Ive never been so mad at a person before.And then in art class i snapped. That girl kept insulting me to move my fat whale a** away. I tried to ignore it because thats what my mom told me to do. But then shed hit my shoulder. I literally grabbed her by the throat and choked her as hard as i could but i let her go after she started to cry.Our teacher told me to write an apology letter to her where i should ask her to be my friend. And well she said she wanted to my friend.But she continued to bully me and make fun of me.We two also went to the same secondary school. And it only got worse.She told ever person that i only know how to lie. And she even told one kid oh thats the weird girl she only knows how to lie. It didnt even bother her that i stood right infront of them.At that time she also had a crush on one of our classmates who seemed to hate me. And as soon as he walked by she stared to talk so much bad and fake stuff about me. While i was there.But it wasnt enough for her she started to bully every girl in class who just looked at her crush. And she manipulated me into doing it with her. Because thats whats best friends do right?Well she got kinda scared that our teacher might find out and told him that SHE GOT BULLIED. He told her that she had to tell him everytime someone was mean to her.She ended up reporting literally everything! Her friend didnt talk to her in lunchtime - REPORTED. A boy stole her hair tie - REPORTED.And it went like that for three school years.At the end she got scared that she might get caught and went to another school.And she literally pull the same stuff with her new friends that she also pulled with me.But she found out that she could manipulate people into buying things for her which was food most of the time ( which made her really fat ).But then her new class got tired of her. And started to give her her own medicine. The started to bully her and insult her for getting fat. She got so sick of it that she got a extreme eating disorder.She had to be hospitalized for a half year at a special clinic for anorexia. She got out of hospital and a few months ago and now everyone expects her victims to feel bad for her.Alot of her victims she manipulated and bullied have developed  mental disorders which makes their life harder than it should be. Alot of her victims have trust issues because of her.Her behaviour has left a huge scare on me. It gave me anger and trust issues. Made me sort of depressed. Im always stressed our about making friends that might end up being like. And if made me suicidal. She is the reason ive attempted suicide about 4 times.And now people ( especially my mom ) tell me I should FEEL BAD FOR HER. The person who mentally abused me since my childhood. And people call me a bad person for not feeling bad for her. It just confuses and stresses me so much.I honestly dont know what to do.Help.
depression, So Im not writing this post for sympathy or anything like that. But the tldr is my car died Im in school and my life is about to get a lot more stressful. Ive been having a lot of motivation issues the last couple weeks maybe its the season maybe its my broken brain but last few weeks been very not good. Now I am going to need to save every penny on top of being unhappy and feeling like a piece of shit because I dont have money to replace my broken car. I am going to school still and this really just feels like a slap in the face. Ive tried so hard but its never enough I just keep fucking up. I think Im finally on the path to something good in my life and then something always hits me. And today my mom said thats life and Im sure she meant to well but now I just want to kill myself more. My whole life is going to be like this its not worth it. Why grind my life away when I could just die and its pretty much the same result. Ill honestly probably make people less upset by killing myself than the totality of my fuck ups over the next ~50 years.
mentalhealth, Always feel depressed. Sometimes its related to my work sometimes related to my personal life sometimes related to inter personal relationships. What is my mental illness?Help is needed!!!!
depression, First of all. Im well aware that reddit isnt a surgery or gp service so i know to take advice with cautionI have IBS and its pretty severe. However it only affects me when im either stressed or on a morning when i wake up. And its been the same way for about 2 years now. Its affecting my collwge grades. My work life. And it led me to look at other aspects of my life. And the more i observe. The worse i see life as a whole.To give some context to what i mean by that. Is that there seems to be a clear cut trend of 3 types of people. People who are just good at things. People who are just bad and can accept it. And then theres me. Im actually fucking terrible at everything. And i cant accept that. And no matter what i try to do. Be it some college work my job even playing a video game. No matter how fucking hard i try. I just seem to fall short where other people excell. And i envy their success. Ive sat down and cried multiple times. From things as trivial as not understanding a calculus equation.I dont really know what im looking for in this post. Am i depressed or am i just perpetually sad. Is there even a difference. Edit: i just wanted to say a huge thankyou to everyone who commented with your reassurance and insights. It really helped me get through those few days and today has been pretty positive and i wanted to share my positivity with all of you to say thankyou and i hope you all have an amazing day week month and year!
mentalhealth, Does anyone suddenly remember embarrassing cringy moments from their past? How to deal with them? Make them stop?
depression, My mom was diagnosed with anxiety after I was born. As far as I know of she hasnt gone back for any follow-ups. Over my teenage years I have had my own struggles with anxiety and depression issues (undiagnosed).I am not in a good place myself right now but how do I help my mom without getting irritated/triggered myself? I suspect that menopause may be a contributing factor and my parents struggle to emotionally detach with their children seeing them grow up and eventually move out.It sounds so selfish but I wish I was oblivious to this. I have had my fair share of issues and been very irritable lately and I just want to be left alone when Im home. I feel like such a bad daughter for even thinking this. Its so selfish I know. I am struggling surely I know how it feels to not have support from the people you love? Why do I feel this way?Back when we were moving a year ago there was a lot of marital tension between my parents and my mom was very emotional. She told me many things and it honestly stressed me out because I didnt know what to do and I felt overwhelmed hearing all of that on top of my own issues. It sounds stupid but I feel upset that everyone else in the family has noticed it while they just assume I am ok and urge *me* to help her out at home. Little do they know I am crying and struggling all the time behind closed doors.I have never been close to my family apart from my mom but I dont want to add on to her worries by sharing my problems with her. Hence I dont see telling any of them my issues as an option right now. I would appreciate any insights and opinions thank you in advance.
depression, This may be a long read so please bear with me if you can.I have been meaning to post here and in other similar subreddits for quite a while. My thoughts are so scattered for the past few years that I just cant bring myself to air out what Im going through. Part of it is also because theres fear that my problems arent as important or serious as others. I understand based on the countless self-help YT videos Ive resorted to that this is common for people like us.Today I realized that I am far from being completely okay. I have been unwell for years now and there are times I felt that things are getting better. Until it doesnt. Then it sets me back almost to zero again it feels like. Ive recently gone through this phase again and Im just so tired now that Im willing to be vulnerable hoping that it will help.Things were going well for me for the past couple of months. I had direction. I was out and doing stuff trying to pursue a new career. But at this point Im starting to know myself as someone who has the tendency to quit on myself especially when things get tough. One small setback sets my mind into overdrive of all things negative. And this particular recent setback brings me here.Another odd thing I noticed over the years is that I would just randomly blurt out stuff like shoot me in the head or kill me now. I think it comes whenever Im reminded of negative situations and experiences. Or when contemplating about the future which according to the voice in my head is always bleak. I also find myself questioning our purpose here on earth. Why were we created to be in a place thats just so inconvenient. I resented God for putting me here when I didnt ask him to. It feels like I am forced to go through this. They say that its like a game and that you have to maneuver around obstacles and get stronger. But to me it feels like whoever put us here is just sitting in amusement as we go through life. Some do better but people who dont is something they find amusing. That line from Bruce Almighty in the title is exactly how I feel for most of my existence. I remember watching that scene and thinking to myself thats exactly how I feel and it seems other people are going through it too that they put it in a movie. Only difference is that theyre able to find humor in their suffering whereas I couldnt. It feels like its just one big mean game and Im fucked. I also blame my parents for the situation Im in right now. Part of me knows its not completely true because they say we can change our circumstances by controlling how we react to them. But I just cant help myself. A big part of me tells me that my parents did not protect me from abuse and trauma growing up one of them even directly caused it. Not just to me my entire family. I resorted to putting up walls around me at an early age because I didnt know how to defend myself.When I was 8 or 9 a friend of mine introduced me to sex. He performed oral sex on me and asked to reciprocate. At one point I know my dad knew (saw) what was happening because we heard a noise and panicked as if someone had peeked through the door. It was just him there at the time too. As I grew older I asked myself why he didnt intervene. Or confronted me about it. Later I found his porn stash which consists mostly of straight porn but there was 1 or 2 in there thats trans porn. And I watched them and found myself aroused. Ive been confused ever since. If I had to describe my dad Id say hes a miserable monster whos also confused and so fed up with life that he resorted to drinking himself to death and dragging us down in the process. Now I fear that Im on the same boat and its slowly sinking. After that whole thing with my friend I started to feel anxious and nervous all the time. I was feeling guilt and fear that I had done something wrong. I remember feeling cold all the time and scared. I tried telling my mom while she and my dad were separated. I laid beside here all cold and anxious telling her that I was afraid. But I couldnt tell her exactly what happened. I was ashamed. All she told me is Whats wrong with you? Do you want to get locked up in a mental hospital? as if she was mocking me it almost felt like. After that Ive kept that secret to myself until now.I saw my mom cry a lost when my dad was physically and mentally abusing her. It came to the point of blaming myself at an early age thinking we were the cause of all these. I told her I wish you never met and ended up with dad. She replied But then I wouldnt have you.. I told her Its okay at least Id have different parents and things wouldnt be like this.Now I feel that they owe me for all the things they put me through. For not being there when I was just a kid. For having to fight my dad to protect mom. For them not having the wisdom to identify child trauma. For them brushing off my attempts to seek help and comfort. There so much more I want to say but this is too long already.I have no mentors or role models. No one to actually be open with about these things. Right now my mind is just too messed up and it feels like Im losing grasp of it. I wish I could find the answers. I need peace and clarity before I end up like my dad.Everyone wants to be happy. I know we cant be all the time so at least the ability to be resilient and hopeful in difficult times is more than enough. I feel like I deserve it after all the squirming I had to endure.
mentalhealth, I dont feel good. I am done with this life. I dont see the point of keep going I never have and probably never will. Why do I still keep going. I feel empty and alone. I have a lot of things in my life that I should be grateful for but I have always focused more on the negatives. Now I dont even care.
depression, My parents had a talk with me on the weekend about my depression and how they’re afraid one day they’ll walk in my room and see that I’ve killed myself. Then they asked if I’ve thought of it before and I answered “mhm” non-chalantly while just eating cereal before they both visibly got upset and didn’t even know what to say. I don’t want to do it because 1. The cost of the funeral 2. The toll it’ll leave on people and 3. Because it’s selfish as all hell. But I just wish none of these reasons existed. I’ve even thought about just saving my money 100% from work til around 10k then doing the deed without leaving a financial burden on my parents. But of course that won’t fix the void that I’d leave them with. So much is wrong right now. I don’t have my license even though I have an incredible desire for it because of test anxiety despite everyone yelling in my ear that “the test’s not hard”. I’ve been losing friends for the past year due to moving boyfriends/girlfriends they have gained new responsibilities they’ve taken on or just by losing touch. I don’t know how to really make any strides to start university to get my degree with an 8-5 that leaves me drained 5/7 days of the week. I just want to end it so badly. I just wish I would get killed in some car accident or by an extremely unfortunate mishap at work so at least it won’t be selfish nor deemed as me clocking out myself on my cause of death. I don’t really know where else to put it other than the advice subreddit due to what I’ve said in the paragraph above. I just want to know if anyone else even shares a single worry/issue I’ve talked about if I can just know I’m not the only one losing a friend due to him getting an offer to move somewhere far off. Hope you guys have a good night.Tl;dr Many issues in my life have made me more eager to clock out of life but knowing the burden it’d leave on my family I just can’t.
depression, I just found out at age 40 that I am rejection sensitive but not before I destroyed an online relationship with a really great guy that I had grown to love over the summer.  Now that I know about the rejection sensitivity I realize that its probably responsible for many of the relationship troubles Ive over the years.  The hardest part of finding out though is losing my friend. The guilt and shame are consuming me. Is anyone else familiar with interpersonal rejection sensitivity? Has anyone made any progress overcoming it and what works?
depression, I was making a post on suicide watch subreddit but i changed it to here.Its because I cant help but reading a lot of posts from the suicide subredditand found huge similarities in all the posts:1. continuous failures2. no friends3. no family support4. not accepted by the society5. no reason to live anymoreYes I have all these five problems. This discovery made me understand why people get bored when i told them about my problems.I feel the same when reading over and over similar problems on different posts.Because things kept going bad for a long time I constantly told my friends my problems which annoyed them eventually because like we thought we talked about it scenario I talked with them put myself together and then another bad things happened I collapsed again and then talked to them so on and so forth.In the end I become an annoying and least popular person. And thats what happen next:Gave up talking;Things still get worse and worse;Dont know what to do;Lost hope;Suicide came to mind;Read suicide watch subreddit;Ironically realize its so boring 5 problems get anyone come to an end;Give up writing a post on suicide watch;Another reason cant end my life: my parents depend on me. If i go they got nothing left they cant support themself.So..Should I laugh at myself?But things keep getting worse still...So I am here in the world solely to suffer and hold things to myself?Why???? Im doom???Once got a list from a consultant:-healthy food-exercise-movie-hangout with friends-listen to music-...I mean I tried:-Burst into tears when running in the gym and people looked at me like a weirdo...-Swim hours and hours just wanna burry myself into the water and escape from the cruel world...-Lost interest in everything doing things on the list just to make me look happy and normal...Things arent quite right no...I know I know its boring what im doing is instead of telling a friend I write it here for strangers in search of resonate in search of help in search of comfort in search of reason to wake up tomorrow...And i might do it again and again...But please please let me do so please.My story my boring shit:-Poor family in China;-Only child;-Parents are both disabled had polio before they can walk and they never do;-Family hesitated to purchase real estate once and lost the chance forever because price increased crazily;-Discrimination inconvenience poor living condition super crappy appartment;-Took a risk to study abroad;-Got scholarship from a fancy school in new york(an interdisciplinary program of technology and design);(things seems getting great? heh please hold...)-Cant really get along with fancy people in fancy school(imagine a poor shy foreigner among fancy classmates just like an idiot); -Just kept learning programming which seems could find me a job;-Talk less and less;-Locked myself in my room often;-Zero socializing;-Got a nice internship offer but rejected it because it required me to pause study for a year and lose all the scholarship which I regret everyday i could earn them back from itself!!!!What i was doing i was an idiot!!!!!-And this great opportunity is gone forever...-So things starts to get really BAD...-Graduated;-Spent six months to 1.volunteered on an open source project 2.self learned algorithm and data structure;-Applied 50+ companies got through to onsite 8+ all failed;-Main reason failing:- 1.not strong on algorithm- 2.lack of professional experience and leadership-Clock is ticking company headcount is filling quickly if cant find something before March bye USA...Something recently triggers me:-In an onsite interview after just the first two rounds was told that the interview could not be proceeded anymore AKA F-A-I-L-Parents keep telling me dont consider about them being happy myself is most important which makes me feel how bad i am doing my job: earn $ for them and be happy-Close my eyes and realize my memory of new york is to swing alone in the park far away from the city(where i used to live) and bike alone to the sea shore(man its new york! shouldnt it be friends and foods and drinks and wonderful events???)Do you feel like im wasting my life? why do i care $ so much? why do i have to do the hard things? why dont i socialize?I was naive enough to believe that if i work hard i could get the good result but apparently im not smart enough.I grew up suffering being poor im scared of that.Im the one that people will ignore by default usually short thin ugly shy childdish inexperienced loser have nothing fun to say at a partyLook at me right now a piece of crap huh.
depression, well its been a shit week overall: was supposed to have a small party at my place with a particular group of friends but they all cant make it (travelling 20 mins from where they all live is just too hard).  Friend who is late for dinner every fortnight finally pushed it to the 50 min mark so I left. They got angry and said that it was my choice to leave.  Was meant to have half hour lunch  with co worker on Friday they cancelled saying they were too busy but then went had lunch with other people for an hour.  I had turned down two other lunch offers to be free for this catch up - found out later all 3 of us ate alone.  Person I have been on two dates with from online dating site has stopped communicating and appeared on a new dating site.Other person I have been only chatting with - I suggested we just meet up in person - they stopped chatting!Making a few matches on dating site but nobody will actually talk first - I therefore assume they are swiping a bunch of females and of their successful matches I am the least preferred to chat with. Ended up visiting a friend on Friday night (had a good time) but she has bumped me twice for other people including once when I was already driving to meet her.I am sick of being the lesser choice or fallback choice for people. Do you just reject all invites and stay lonely but preserve your self esteem or do you take the risk of accepting an invite and then this happens?  With some of the people who do this to me I genuinely enjoy their company but I guess they dont enjoy mine as much or see me as a last resort.  Its also inhibiting my ability to chat and bond with people lately I dont want to overshare with people who discard me so easily so conversation is now becoming stilted.Long rant I know but just had to get it off my chest
depression, I have been depressed since I was 12 years old (20/m) have been medicated since then too basically half my life. No matter what I try to do I always fail didnt even finish school because of my illness and went to uni last year and dropped put twice in both semesters. I tried to get into the army as it was something Ive always wanted to do but obviously they wouldnt accept me and neither will the police which is something Ive also wanted to do. My point is why should I bother to keep trying when my life is just failure after failure?
mentalhealth, Title says it all. I e been struggling for so long. So fucking long. I’m on meds for depression anxiety ADHD and using weed and alcohol on bad nights to chill out and stop myself from doing anything rash. But tonight…. I didn’t think I could. I saw an opportunity while I was alone and I wanted to take it. If my dog didn’t come up lick my tears and sit in my lap idk what the next half hour would look like. Idk if I’d be here. But I have to keep fighting. I owe it to the people (and pets) I love. Tonight was a close one. But I made it through and you can too.
depression, I would first off like to say that I made this account solely for seeking help about this.I am 15 years old about to turn 16 in two weeks and have never kissed a girl or anything like that and have tried to go out with several of these creatures and have been denied time and time again. There has been a recent change in me giving up completely and not ever wishing to have a girlfriend because of spite.This all changed recently when one of my sisters friends came over to stay the night and we just clicked. I was diagnosed with depression last year and one of my ways of dealing with it is by listening to Kurt Cobain and his band Nirvana - I can relate to this band in a way i cannot describe. Sometimes i have to listen to this band a hell of a lot until i get through whatever is going on in my stupid head but when she was here that all changed i was so happy the happiest i had ever been. Everything was OK. She made me laugh all day long and we talked more together than my sister did with her while I was in the room. It felt good man. Nirvana was a blurry memory for those few days.The week after I went away for a week to stay with my Grandma who is dying of Cancer and has no internet. With no credit on my phone either i was constantly feeling alone and realized deep down that this girl I had met the last week was someone - the only one - that could make me truly happy. However I also realized that there is actually surprisingly a big age gap between us. This made me feel very strange and i soon found out that my sister had gone behind me and told her that I had a crush on her. I got her number from my sister and texted her to tell her how i felt and she texted back a long time after saying that she likes me as a friend but was flattered.This cut me so bad it was worse than anything i had ever felt before. I dont know what her reasons are for not liking me but it doesnt matter. I felt like i had always been swimming in a stormy sea and had finally found an island full of shelter and food but when i try and swim to it there is some invisible wall stopping me from coming ashore. I feel like sooner or later Im going to give up swimming. I became depressed again. I havent had a good nights sleep in the last week because I cant / wont allow myself to sleep. I hate myself and just thought that i might be worth something if she liked me the way I like her and people say that there are so many others out there but thats all a load of crap. There is no-one like her and although I know i havent known her for long at all I dont need to because i know that she makes me happier than anything. I have had homework that I have been struggling to do because she is all i can think about and have lost interest in doing almost everything. Eating sleeping work its all pointless because she doesnt like me the way I like her. She is the only gas mask but one that doesnt fit me. Whenever i think about her even writing this I shake like im shivering. Its uncontrollable and spontaneous.The only hope i have is taking the time to become her friend and then bringing it up with her again. My Mum and Dad and also Sister think that over time she could like me but it is difficult to live off a could.To rub salt into the wound I sent her another text this morning. It had no lovey-dovey stuff but was just a friendly text. My sister has talked to her today after i sent it so i know she has seen it but is not replying. I have really fucked it up now and i feel worthless and empty inside. The fact that she doesnt feel the same just proves to me that Im worthless and stupid. It never would of worked out it would have been too good to be true. I have been so close to ending it and i feel worse than that at the moment but it doesnt feel like what i would imagine heartbreak to feel like it feels like a deep pit that people call depression. I hate everything.I am probably coming across as a baby but this is the worst pain that I have ever felt and i dont even know what the point is anymore. I dont want to end it at the moment but it just feels like life is so boring without her feeling the same. I dont love myself if she doesnt love me but i dont like me as a friend either. Ill never get over her shes the one that I want to be around forever. I just want to give her the biggest hug but I also want her to feel the same about me because then I could give her what she wants which i feel is the most important thing in the world.Nirvana has been something that I have gone back to recently listening to all the studio albums before I fell asleep last night.  There is one line that I cannot get out of my head from Scentless Apprentice:You cant fire me because I quitI love her a hell of a lot more than i love myself.Thanks for reading this.
depression, From any other perspective my life is falling apart. Stop showing up to work not reading family texts or just getting out of bed. All the overdue/over bearing responsibilities came tumbling down like a huuuuge boulder about to crush me to bits but instead it just…kinda missed?? I usually felt stressed out of my mind or just panic but this time it felt different. I couldn’t care less what people who were expecting me (bossclientsfamily) would say. Nothing matters all the same but not in the usual activity suicidal way just the ‘sleep it all away’ kinda way. I don’t know if it’s an improvement or my brain just switching up the coping mechanism but at least it’s keeping me alive and that’s a plus.
depression, I was so scared last night again for how I keep hearing things I prolly am thinking of doing. I needed to do something to get it off my mind or else I might do it  I almost did tho I was already doing it out rather preparing stuffs unknowingly I was doing it. Like i was ordered to do so and I cant say no or like head was just listening to what it was telling me to do. I wasnt in control of myself for a moment until I realized what I was doing. Im scared oh f that feeling of blankness yet noisy atmosphere  I dont no hot I snapped back but it still haunts me. Im doing a lot of things now and that sliver of quiet atmosphere scares me so
depression, While learning to live with my demon of self-destructive depression Ive learned early warning signs when the all the factors are aligned for an upcoming crash. Finances are the most powerful buttons that can trigger a melt down for me.My finances are literally non existent at the moment and I am already experiencing the demons starting to pull me down. I need help but have none.I afraid of what I might do. I had a nervous breakdown in April which was rather ugly and another could easily surpass the last which could easily lead to my being fired from my job since I dont have any money...not even for Uber or taxis for work. Damn my fuckin life is the dream! 🙄🙄😔
depression, This doesnt apply to everyone of course. Its just what i think. I havent done anything wrong morally. My intentions are always good. I dont want to boast but i always tend to think that im the nicest person i know mainly because all the people I grew up with are mean in some way. People have been bullying me making fun of me using me etc. I always feel inferior.Im kind to everyone yet Im unsuccessful and sad. Its so unfair. I dont believe in karma because of this. All the kids I grew up with that used to bully me or other people turned out successful and contented with their own life. I dont care how nice they have become since I grew up with them and know their real attitude and intentions. Im sorry but I really dont think I deserve all this shit. I think Ill be a lot happier if I isolate myself from everyone.
depression, Im in my last year of school and graduate in October and my god. Every assignment is just killing me. Im practically failing math- not coz I dont get it (I didnt look in the book at all for the last test and still got 40%) but because I just cant be bothered anymore. Got this shitty little assignment for English to write a feature article on a clear thing in a clear perspective and lemme say- ugh. This one thing is causing me a hell of a lot of strife mainly coz idk what in the flying name of hell to write for it. Pick something youre passionate about my classmates and teacher tells me. Yeah still drawing blanks there guys. Surely theres something? What about LGBTI+ issues?I mean I guess but why do ppl care how others are? Im bi none of you in class know and none of you *need* to know. What happens happens. Global warming?Bruh Id be glad if we all died like the parasites we are. The only class thats going well is my engineering Certificate and thats only coz I get to weld shit. I just dont wanna give a crap anymore but I have to graduate. Lovely little paradox Im creating for myself eh?Anyway thanks for reading anyone who figured that this could be interesting.
depression, Ive been seeing a counselor and a therapist for the past year and I honestly feel like Im regressing. Everytime I try to fix it it gets worse.  Sometimes I feel better for NO reason.  Sometimes I randomly start crying.  Sometimes Im just dead inside and too exhausted.    I give up.  Theres no fucking way Ill ever get to the root of my depression when I cant even put it into words.
depression, Ive been depressed for a very long time and its becoming to much for me to handle. I think about how much I want to kill myself all the time. I hate myself for not being able to be happy. It comes in random waves and they overwhelm me. I cant think about anything but how much I disappoint everyone. I provide no benefit I just waste everyones efforts and attention. I try to let the anger out cutting and It helps... I feel normal after. But it dosent stay away It always comes back always worse than before. I dont know how long I can keep in this cycle before killing myself.
depression, So I’ve recently been wondering how effective a lot of psychiatric treatment (mostly therapy and different modes within that rather the medication) has been for people with inner monologue vs those withoutBackground: I’ve suffer from depression for most of my life along with c-ptsd and developmental trauma.Ive tried things like CBT and parts work in therapy but have always had trouble “connecting” in a way I think is supposed os more naturally occurring. With the recent sort of viral collective realization  that an inner monologue is not universal and that many peoples brains  don’t operate that way. It got me wondering if there could be a difference in how receptive someone was to certain treatments based on this factor.Like parts work specifically often requires you to state what a part “looks like” and what it wants. This seems like something that would be easier to engage with if your brain doesn’t have an inner monologue.I guess I just find it odd cause this seems like such a fundamentally different way that peoples brains work but I’ve never scene this taken into account when treating issues of the brain.Thoughts?
depression, I was never diagnosed with depression until I was 18 and voluntarily committed because I wanted to die. Even when I was depressed in 9th grade it was attributed to school stress and I was diagnosed with ADHD (both valid things yes but I was definitely predisposed to depression).Lately Ive been trying to recover and continue doing better but its been hard. I also feel like a massive fake because I havent been depressed for my whole life. Paradoxically that makes me feel worse because I feel like Im not valid and I should kill myself. Yay! Any advice? Similar experiences?
depression, Hello All I lost my wife to ovarian cancer one year-and-a-half ago.  She had cancer from the time she was nineteen until her passing at thirty-three.  We were together for ten years.. Ten extremely rewarding painful and difficult years.  Its been about one year since most friends and family have pushed through and tried to move on whilst observing her memory; Im still here.That is alright with me I dont ever want to forget her.  I dont want to forget any single thing about her.  I tell myself that its impossible; She was truly the only soul Ive ever known to be unique - She could make a devoted cynic not only believe in the spirit wholeheartedly doing so through no overt attempts to convince them but through her grace and unfailingly optimistic-worldliness.Im now thirty-one almost thirty-two.  The one thing I tell people when they ask about the past two years is the rift in the purpose and form of everything:Ive already had my lifetime companion a ten-year-yet-full-lifespan love the seminal love of my entire life.  I consider myself extremely lucky to have been able to share our lives together - So many others envied me but somehow I was the lucky recipient.  I can and obviously will forever be mournful but I cannot ever take that for granted.So now since her passing Ive come to the fact that I have no desire to be with anyone else.  I absolutely get lonely but its more that I miss her always even if other things are at hand and that is the texture belying all else.  In many ways life becomes that much more honest and simple when youve accomplished what so many others work so hard to do through their entire tenure.I feel like its such a long path until I can be in the same place whatever that place is...  Just biding time from thirty-one until my eventual passing.Im not suicidal although I do believe that if I were to pass Id likely not mind (if that were such a thing).  I would never do that to my family and others.Thus my dilemma the wait.
depression, I just had a wonderful night at a nice restaurant with my loving girlfriend and I feel nothing for it. Ive gone to bed feeling exactly the same as I do every other shitty night: thinking about my ex-girlfriend. Every night I think about how I wronged her how she wronged me about how I fucked up and about how she WAS fucked up. Its been going like this for three fucking years. This is supposed to have stopped. Im supposed to get better. I want to be creating learning working on something larger than myself or doing ANYTHING that feels like it matters and all I can manage to do is struggle to enjoy the marijuana. I want to enjoy my life I want to be thankful for the people I have for the fact Im not homeless for the fact Ive found a job and yet I know that all I want is for her not to have left me. How do you move on? How do you change what you care about? How do you decide a person you were ready to die for doesnt matter anymore?
depression, Im not sure if im depressed or not. But i want to know whats wrong with me. Im going to be honest about some people and im going to be as realistic as possible.Well first off im 15 years old and i been feeling this way since i was 8. I HATE my family. Im adopted and completely different from them. Theyre really old and my dad who adopted me is a huge pussy. Everyone else is just like him. I think he has autism because everyday he greets me in the highest voice possible: HELLO MY JESSE/SON!!! Im not even exaggerating he even has a hillbilly voice which makes it very annoying. He can barely talk either and wont finish his sentence. This is what he sounds like: Well... ya know... that.. tha.. ya know (DEEP BREATH) ya know... . He gives no shit about what he wears. You can make a good guess on whats the most disgusting. Whats worse than that is their views that are completely different from mine. Me/Them: Not racist/Worse than the Klan. Supports gay/Extremely homophobic. City guy/Hillbilly. Nothing will make me love them. I hate them and i cant change... I tried.I get along with any other families and people that are like me. Pretty much anyone different from mine are people im pretty cool with. I got into a lot of fights with the family and fights so bad the cops were called by me begging to take me to another family. I feel trapped here. They tell me im allowed to go anywhere but all i do is stay home. My attic is the only place i feel safe.They spoil me and I HATE IT! I take it in but i hate being spoiled. I feel so useless.I never thought of suicide but if i had the chance to ever run away i would never come back. I tried it once and they found me. If i can do it again ill make sure they wont find me. And if they do... Ill make sure they wont be breathing to take me back.Once im 18 im moving away and never going to talk to them again. To start i even kept my birth name on my certificate. I dont want any trace of them on me.I try to be a better person to them but in my place youll understand what it feels like. I cant live like i want to live. I want to escape.
depression, Do you ever feel that everything you do is wrong or even when you finally do something right it still doesnt feel adequate?
depression, i feel like i have been pretending like I know what I am doing or like I can cope but really I can’t. really i cant manage life at all. I’ve been dissociating like crazy after crying for six hours and now im sitting here about to pack a bowl but also contemplating suicide. im tired of everything im tired of hurting this way. im on zoloft and as of recent my suicidal thoughts have come down from everyday to 1-3 times a week.but there’s been more than a couple triggers but I was venting to an online friend and after he stops and genuinely asks me “where are all your friends? so that you can vent to them because you’ve talked for 15 minutes straight”it isn’t that I do not have friends. it’s that I am not that close with any friends in RL. but it really struck me and made me realize how much of a shitty human I am. I can’t even make normal close connections bc I’m so afraid of being hurt. anyways what are y’all up to
depression, So I dont know about you guys but when today rolled around I felt like I had to be productive and make resolutions and start changing my life etc. Then I realize that never works for me and only ends up in disappointment... its just too much pressure. Instead I decided to do some small tasks:- take a shower- clean the kitchen a bit- make myself a healthy dinnerSmall things like this are huge for me and Im sure many of you are in the same boat. I think instead of big resolutions Im going to break things down into bite size chunks. It also makes me feel better about the rest of my day... i.e. lounging around playing video games and eating cookies. Fitting in some positive productive things without undergoing this big sudden change. Gradual improvement I guess.Anyway its late so Im sorry if this is a bit rambly but I thought Id share my day. Happy new year everyone.
depression, Fourteen years ago today I got married. I thought it was the beginning of my uneventful everyday nothing wife mom homemaker life and id be happy and grow old and die and be buried beside my old man.Nope. Here I am 37 and widowed w four kids and alone af. I’m so lonely in the human sense that yes it contributes to my MDD and CPTSD. I’ve been widowed for four years raising four kids solo my parents died a year after my husband did my siblings live 70 miles away my extended relatives live out of state my close friends I only really interact with through texting because they live far away all of my friends and female acquaintances have boyfriends or husbands so anytime I’m physically around them the interactions feel awful for me (and my kids) I don’t fit in at any of the churches I attend or interact with because all of the other widows are decades older than me and all of the mothers w young kids go there with their husbands and are all happy with their full lives and younger people don’t wanna talk to the widow w a bunch of kids in her 30s. Dating? HahahahahahahahahahHhHhh. They’re either never been married and want someone young and childless they’re older and don’t want to have a house of kids if we’d get married or they’re younger and don’t want to take on that role to kids who aren’t biologically theirs etc.I’m just left out and alone. And then people don’t like if I voice how lonely I feel so they’ll attempt to invalidate my feelings with “you have kids”…that makes me extra lonely. I have no one to send the cute pics I take of them to tell their cute little stories to who they can do things with or help me answer the questions. Many times I’m overwhelmed because they’ll all talk to me or ask me questions simultaneously because we have no one else who’s a regular in our lives. It’s just me. So they swamp me and I can’t pay attention to everyone all at the same time how they need.So then at night they’re asleep and I’m trying to destress but I can’t because the next day will be the same and there is no one to cuddle with or talk to etc.It’s funny too because I see articles etc about how moms are overstressed etc and they need help and all but when I air my situation and troubles people say my motherhood (single widowed motherhood to four fatherless kids) should be the answer to my loneliness and stress. If society wants to feel bad for and support married moms of one of two kids how come I can NEVER get some freaking recognition and support as a single widowed mom of FOUR with no family or whoever helping her? Again I’m ostracized even in the stressed single mom circle.
depression, This is why I have severe social anxiety. Its amazing how fast someone you think you know SO well can flip on a dime.  It was over something completely ridiculous too... basically I was trying out streaming and invited them on with me. As soon as they were on the stream with me their personality changed SO much. They became super hyper and way over the top talkative which is the opposite of their usual personality. It was incredibly annoying and weird but I was just rolling with it at first then found they were getting a bit rude to me because I couldnt figure out something in the game and it seemed like they were trying to embarass me. I asked her to tone it down a bit. Then she went absolutely haywire. Calling me every name in the book. I let her berate me for a good 20 minutes because I figured she was having a mental breakdown or something and figured she would cool off the next day. Ive never seen her act in this way.Nope... the next day STILL berating me calling me every name in the book. Saying how dare I try to micromanage her personality.. ect. Saying im an asshole pretentious/stuck up a little bitch fucking cunt gaslighter piece of shit kept telling me to shut up when I would try to reason with her said that she didnt need me and hoped that my stream fails/hopes that no one likes my stream Then she is contacting a mutual friend of ours lying to him about the situation and of course he believes her and chooses to block me. Whatever...Fantastic. Two friends now gone because of tone it down a bit. I really hate humans honestly. I dont trust anyone anymore. I knew this person over a year and they have always had the same personality very calm very kind never would lie would never call me names and such... We talked every fucking day for hours and hours. Then wam. One little weird trigger and she becomes a berating lying piece of shit. This shit scares me because even if you know someone everything about them they could completely change their personality one day...
depression, Someone told me I looked tired. I’m usually very smiley and happy go lucky. I’m the “rock” friend but after they said it. I burst into tears. I finally felt seen and heard. Someone say the pain I was feeling behind my smile.
depression, No one was ever there for me. Im so lonely.
mentalhealth, I have been struggling today  phoned  helplines who said I’m under the wrong borough as I’ve moved . So I phoned a the correct one  told me to watch TV when I don’t have a tv. Phoned nhs 111 and they put me back in touch with the second helpline.The helpline phoned me back and spoke to me for 25 seconds . I’m hopeless  idk what to do. I need support but I can’t get the help I need to speak to someone
depression, fyi im 17. i dont even know what to say ive kinda just been thinking stuff over. she was getting mad because i didnt want to go out to dinner because my good clothes didnt fit me anymore since ive lost around 18 pounds in the past month and dont have any good outing clothes. not to mention i dont like being in public it scares me. so basically she kept trying to rush me and i told her that they didnt fit so she said that i look like a bone and if i wanted to look pretty i would have to wear clothes that covered all of my body rather than the dress i have. idk why but i kinda got hurt by that (yeah im pretty sensitive i know.) so i told her that i couldnt do anything about it. she started yelling at me to get ready i just told her no. she grabbed me by the arm and screamed into my face. i told her i wasnt going. after 10 minutes of screaming at me she gave up and decided to go without me just her and my siblings. just before leaving she told me that she wishes i would kill myself already so that she could go out and live her life more visit her friends extra often. so yeah thats where im at right now we havent spoken since. it hurts bad. im sick of being a disappointment and i just want to be loved. ive been thinking that maybe killing myself isnt all that bad my mom will be happy shell have one less child to annoy her and maybe she could see her friends more. i dont really have any friends so i wont be hurting anyone in the process. my siblings will get over it quite quickly it might be a shock but none of them like me very much. idk what to do. sorry for such a dumb rant i hope all of you are having a nice day.
mentalhealth, Im a depressed person that is diagnosed its official I cant help that. I understand that but recently Ive started to feel different not necessarily suicidal nor more depressed just more something. Maybe I feel more defeated than I did? Does that even make sense?I feel like Im just going through the motions day in day out.I know what depression is I know how feeling suicidal feels but this is just different. Everyday I feel like a little part of me dissappears I mean that in the sense that its like I am dying and a different person is coming out.Now I dont mean that I feel like I have less control or that a voice in my head is taking over or even that a separate personality is emerging. Just that I am dying and soon I will cease to be but my body will go on without me.Maybe that doesnt make sense maybe its completely stupid but thats where I am or where I was I dont really know anymore
depression, My father passed away in 1997 when I was 11 years old. He had two half sisters I knew existed but never met before. They recently messaged me and it opened some old wounds but it also allowed me to get a lot of shit of my chest. My dads mom abandoned my dad when he was just six or seven years old. She remarried had two daughters and never looked back. This abandonment destroyed my father to his core and I believe is the reason he passed away at the age of 45 from a heart attack (he was extremely healthy and fit and did not smoke drink or do drugs). Below is a letter I wrote to my two half aunts. Im 34 now but creative writing has been my thing since my English teacher in college inspired me to write to write about life. Let me know what you think.&amp;#x200B;***Thank you for checking in on me! Even if you do not hear from me often please do know that you and the family are always in my thoughts! I received some pictures that you sent to my sister that I have been wanting to reach out to you about. There is no combination of words that can describe how chaotic my life has been for the last five months.*** ***So much has been going on I do not even know where to begin! I guess I can start with the pictures of Grandmas father (my great grandfather) that you sent to my sister. This was the first time I ever saw what my grandmother’s father looked like. The hair on the back of my neck rose when I saw these pictures of him. Grandpa looked like a man of conviction! In the picture of him with the other men he looks like a warrior! If that is the case I hope that some of his spirit lives through me. Did he live long enough to know that my sister and I existed? What was his profession? What if any legacy did he leave behind? I want to more know about my great grandfather. When you get the chance please fill me in on these details about him.******Three out of four of my grandparents died before I was even born which always caused an emptiness and void in my life. Grandma was the only living grandparent I could have had a relationship with to fill that emptiness but did not. Growing up this literally made me jealous of my friends who had and still have their grandparents in their lives. Coming from two parent households has an undeniable impact on the prosperity and overall well-being of children and my father was robbed of that family structure. Starting from the earliest days and continuing into a man’s adult years mothers nurture emotional intelligence in their sons which is so important for their mental health. When that deep emotional bond and attachment is absent behavioral problems inevitably occur later in life. Whatever effect this had on my father subsequently impacted my mother my sister and myself profoundly and to this day.*** ***For the record no side of my family and no family in general is perfect. All these experiences whether good or bad have made me the man I am today. I am constantly evolving and maturing. Now at the age of thirty-four I have learned and experienced things that have changed my outlook on others and on life in general in a positive way. With age comes wisdom. When I was young sometimes the thought of Grandma would elicit emotions of hatred and anger in me for what my father had to endure. Now as an adult I realize that it is of absolutely no benefit for me to ruminate on how my father’s life would have turned out had his mother not abandoned him. As I have aged and found out more information I empathize with both and look at things from both of their vantage points which has truly helped me make sense of their relationship. I identified the anger and hatred focused on it and released it when I realized that just like my grandmother and father I am no angel myself.*** ***Talking to you (my half aunt) is an important part of the healing process and path to reconciliation my sister and I need so much especially at this point in both of our lives and especially for my sister after having children of her own. One important message I want you to take from this letter is that no matter what happened between Grandma and my father I personally never in my life harbored any negative feelings towards you two (my two half aunts). Neither of you were responsible for what happened. In fact you two were victims caught in the crossfire of a strained mother and son relationship that was never fixed just like my family was. The fact that you both reached out to my sister and I and have been so embracing and loving towards us has strengthened my resolve to want get to know you both as well as your entire families much better. We cannot change the past but we can at least brake the generational cycle of disrupted family relationships starting now with us so that hopefully our future generations will stay connected and know about their entire family history even long after we are gone.***
mentalhealth, It all started Friday. At my new job (40ish working days in) one of the people training me just continued to brow beat me on a mistake I made. I wont get into detail but to keep being told I was wrong while trying tonconvey as to why bindings what I did just seemed like a useless battle. As I returned to mybwork area I see him talking to another coworker and they both give me a look. I just wanted to crawl into a hole and die. I didnt go straight home after work... instead taking a long out the way drive..... forcing myself to put a smile on my face and stopping in an empty parking lot to scream. I get home and I have to prepare for a get-together Saturday. The 1st part was that Friday evening where my gf brother showed up with his kids. Older one is behaved a typical going to 7th grade 12 y/o girl. Will listen when told to do something. The younger I feel needs to be handled with gloves as she will turn things up gradually and by the end of the day shes at 10 when she started at like 2. But their dad is there so they are ok for the most part.Saturday comes and thats when it all turns to shit. 2 additional branches of my gf family show up. And kids are running through the house. Just the noise.... without any correction from other adults is what irritated me. Like get your God damn kids and grandkids. Me ans my gf dont live in a house its a 2 floor mirrored townhome with neighbors onnthe other side. Up and down their stairs (thump thump thump) going from my gf office where she works from home to the 2nd bedroom. I am not one to correct other peoples kids as I feel its not my place to yell.... I know if I do shades of my father will come out and I will put the living fear in them. I dont want that as that will hurt those kids. At the same time they need some discipline and straightening. They leave and 5 mins after they do I ask my gf to let me out. I needed to get away from the house. I rode in silence for an hour before returning back home. I finally let it all out the frustration from work from the get-together and just how I feel like a failure and how I hate my life. How I am dealing with the anxiousness the feeling a of failure both at my job and in life. The feeling of failure in regards to my health as I had to hear the words stage 2 to 3 kindly failure from a doctor visit earlier this week. Ive thought about running way. A 36 year old runaway. Just withdraw from my retirement account get a passport and just be out and by myself without warning. To see how long they would care or even look for me. I could feel all the chemicals mixing in my mind giving me all these emotions. Idk why idk how to get to stop. But as I broke down all I say to my gf was I just want to be normal.....TLDR: I needed help and I couldnt get it so I crashed and burned.
mentalhealth, I’m definitely embarrassed to say this but I (23f) at very much emotionally dependent on my mom. My dad died in 2015 and ever since then I’ve felt like my mom is the only person I can really talk to. It’s not like I don’t have anyone else; I have friends and other family but I don’t feel like I can be 100% emotionally honest with them and my mom is the only person who makes me feel better and safer and always seems to know what to do so she’s usually the first person I call whenever I’m sad/stressed/etc. yesterday I had a little bit of a breakdown when I thought about the fact that she won’t always be here and that I don’t know who I’ll be able to go to when I’m having a crisis when she’s gone. I know this is super unusual especially for an adult living on my own but I can’t seem to help it. I really want to stop this; do you have advice?
mentalhealth, I dread even writing this because I know how polarizing these discussions often are but I’m gonna shoot my shot anyway-I suffer tremendously from Health Anxiety. I’m a diagnosed hypochondriac. And I was managing my illness quite effectively after years of hard work - until COVID hit. Now? I’m a mess.I was always more than happy to follow guidelines - get my vaccines boosters mask isolate quarantine and anything else that I could do or stay safe. I still am. But it seems as though there is no end in sight and the marathon of constantly trying to run and hide from this illness has been exhausting.Vaccines aren’t keeping up with variants. The antibody treatments that once worked work no more. Previous health mandates have been dropped because people wanted/needed to return to a “normal” life (which I can appreciate). I’m unfortunately not a healthy guy to begin with but worse my wife suffers from severe advanced MS and so I/we are necessarily extra cautious which means we have yet been unable to return to OUR normal. I used to find some comfort in the vaccines but now everywhere I turn I keep reading about sudden death syndrome and claims it’s caused BY said vaccines. I’m afraid to Google too much because well Google and Health Anxiety aren’t a good match but I don’t know what’s true and what’s not and it seems nobody REALLY knows.I used to take comfort that if we got sick despite the vaccine there was effective treatments available. Now I understand they no longer work with the current variants. I used to take comfort that the virus would wane or weaken and we’d find ourselves in an endemic state - we might get sick but it wouldn’t be severe. Today it feels like my only choice is to stay hidden away in my home never seeing friends or family never experiencing all that life has to offer beyond the screens in front of me.I know the easy and maybe even rational answer is that we each have to assess our own risk and make choices accordingly. But that’s just it. We’ve done that and now feel trapped abandoned and scared.Then it was monkeypox. And now it’s RSV.I need to get blood work. I need to see the dentist. I need to see my friends and my family. But I’m too afraid. I’m certain that if I get sick with COVID I will die and/or transmit to my wife who will also die.And because all this has become politicized deciphering fact from fiction is harder than ever. I honestly don’t know if my choices are wise and rational or if my hypochondria is taking hold.I’m just so scared. And I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to die. But is that what I need to reconcile? My mortality? If I prepare to die and accept it will I be able to re-enter society without feeling paralyzed by fear and panic?How are y’all coping? Those with HA specifically. What helps? Please leave conspiracy theories at the door. But proven widely accepted scientific fact is appreciated to help me stay out of the rabbit hole.
depression, My girlfriend was diagnosed with depression two years ago and I havent really felt like I can help her as much as I should. I have ADHD which leads me to become frustrated when I cant help her and I always feel like Im failing when I see her down. I do my best to keep her happy but sometimes she just is sad and doesnt know why. I feel helpless because I dont handle emotions very well. What resources can I explore to help me gain a greater understanding of what she is going through and what I can do to help her? I understand that she wont be happy 100% of the time but I want so bad to help her feel comfortable and safe so that she isnt sad as often. Thank you so much in advance!
depression, Ive never interacted with this sub in anyway before but I feel that I need to post this for some reason because I kinda just dont know what the hell to do.I cannot motivate myself for shit. I dont even want to do things that I enjoy doing. Im tired and lethargic all the time even with enough sleep. I used to be a straight-A student now it seems I might start failing a lot of my classes because I cannot get myself to do any of my assignments. I really really dont want to go to work. Whats wrong with me? Ive always thrown around the topic of depression as if were some kind of joke but now I genuinely fear I may actually be depressed.
depression, I am a 20 year old woman who has been suffering depression for as long as i can remember. Im seriously unhappy in the world and even more so now. For the last 2 years i have been dealing with a lot of random health problems my body feels like its literally falling apart. I sleep in all day and i only have energy at night because im chronically fatigued. I suffer with constant stomach pain chest pain back pain sometimes headaches nausea sinus issues.. the main one being my nose constantly blocked and my throat always feels dry a chesty cough (that comes and goes) muscle cramps muscle twitching reccurent UTIS bowel problems sight problems weight loss dizzyness recurrent colds and flus and well i could go on for hours. My problem is ive not even been diagnosed with anything all tests come back negative and doctors dont believe anything is wrong.I have done tons of research and have self diagnosed with candida overgrowth or parasites or both. Up until 2 years ago i was fine then BAM everything went to crap. My family are no longer supportive because its been going on too long as well as Ive not been well enough to work so they have kinda disowned me because as with everyone else i dont look sick so i must be lying or just lazy and not want to work. I continue to hope for a diagnoses but even that wouldnt help much.I so badly want to start my career and get my life on the road i had hopes and dreams and now theyve disappeared. Ive developed anxiety quite badly as well now due to my illness and from my chronic sniffles in public (sounds silly but it affects me loads). I barely have friends anymore because i never go out. My living situation is terrible and im anxious in my own home because my family are so angry that im not working and unable to pay in  although i do what i can and i buy all my own food and necessities i just feel like a burden to everyone.Im so hopeless its been 2 years and Ive gotten nowhere i do nothing but sleep all day and cry/sit in sadness all night. I dont even want to be here anymore all i think about is dying if i had the guts to go through with suicide i would have by now but something always stops me. I cant deal with this my whole life. I should mention i have attended therapy sessions but they were so unorganized with appointments and my anxiety also got in the way of me going.Can the people of reddit give me some hope?
depression, Objectively I can see I accomplished so much this week. I worked damn hard generated great project outcomes at work hell my boss even shook my hand in congratulations on Thursday and my partner says hes ready to start weaning himself off his antidepressants next month when he gets a refill. Awesome right? Bossed it?I cried myself to sleep last night desperate and desperately trying to stay quiet while my partner played on the PS4. I have plans with friends tonight and I think hell bail on joining but I know I have to go I have to force myself to see people and interact.I had a CBT session this week and my persistent problem is a fear of being vulnerable seen as weak rejected. I have supported my partner through his suicidal depression this year and hes so well now - but I cant let him return the favour to be my support. Why? Why cant I just be honest about how despairing I feel with him? How do I push through that block to put all my cards on the table no matter how dark and ugly? I know he can handle it but I cant do it.I feel like Im drowning in a puddle I should be able to stand up and walk away from.
mentalhealth, Since lockdown started in January Ive found myself constantly conparing myself now to how I was back in the summer. Back then I had alot more friends. Alot of people liked me. I could make a lot of people laugh. I had great times with my mates. Now alot of people have either fallen out with me or just drifted. Im hated by alot of people. Im constantly told Im not funny. Hardly any of my mates want to hang out or ft and when we do i just feel like I dont enjoy myself. I used to be good friends with a few certain people who dont speak to me anymore but a day doesnt go by when i dont miss being their friends. Im not going to detail the actions that lead to all this happenening but the fact is I just cant stop comparing myeslf now to then. I try to think of then to cheer myself up but it ends up making me worse because I feel like Im just a disapointment. But i cant stop myself. I often feel so alone and so try remember a time when i wasnt so alone which makes me feel even more alone.Any advice?
depression, Basically part of my depression is that I have thought everyone is and was very disappointed in me. But I was in the shower when I realized I have always been disappointed in myself. It wasn’t anyone other than me. Now I have to process this new info I found out. And at the moment I don’t know if I am happy with this or super sad.
socialanxiety, I got diagnosed with SA when I was 17 now Im 23 and a college student this past two years Ive been trying to be a better student and more social since I got kicked out from the first college I was in because of my depression back then and SA remember I couldnt attend classes that has more than 10 or 20 students I was silent all the time and all the shit the SA stop you from doing starting from making your appointment.Long story short the college Im in is require for all students to do assignments or homework and present them EVERYDAY to the whole class it was hell at the beginning really challenging until last week when I did one of my presentation as usual the professor told me to meet him after class and thats not hes usual he always leave as soon as the class end and when I met him he looked me into my eyes and said that he was really impressive by the presentation that I did and how I explain theories and things like that and how Im different from the other student because I have this skill and I need to use it and not waste it and told me to join the book club if I want to I still dont remember exactly what he was saying because I was so shocked lol but I left with a huge smile in my face for the rest of my day ngl still think about before I go to sleep.I just want to say that theres hope to overcome your fear I still have low self esteem and SA from time to time but what helped me is these situations that forced me to be more social and I didnt realize that the overwhelming anxiety was decreasing the more I expose myself more to the world.I hope yall have a nice day take care :) .
depression, life is misery. I truly mean that. at least mine is.from the outside all looks well. coming from a wealthy family im not exactly allowed to have any issues at least thats what society tells me.im a 20 year old female who has dropped out of school because of my inability to commit to anything. I have no job because I babysit my mother whos been a raging alcoholic ever sense I can remember. Because of her addiction and other health issues (some resulting from alcoholism) I have pretty much become her counselor. I devote every single day to her. its so dark in my head. I cant eve remember when the darkness first arose. a part of me thinks its always been there. its just grown. Im nearly at the breaking point I think. I dont know how much longer I can live feeling this way. I need an escape.to even think that I supposedly have 60 or so more years left of my natural life disgusts me. how am I supposed to keep doing this.im sorry this is scrambled just like my brain.
depression, Lost my job two weeks ago as well as the girl I had been talking to at the time. I have no friends in my colleges town and Im barely going to be able to pay my rent in a few days.Happy Thanksgiving I guess.
mentalhealth, I haven’t seen my older brother in a few years and we usually keep in contact but up until recently he had completely disappeared. Nobody knew where he was but every once in a while he would contact my dad and then disappear again. I’m not entirely sure about what caused him to cut off contact with his family but I was extremely concerned for his well being. My brother has never exhibited signs of any type of mental illness but I won’t say that he doesn’t have some underlying issue. A few weeks ago my brother called me via Facebook messenger and he was acting pretty unusual. He was rambling about people trying to kill him and other things of that nature. At this point I am on high alert because I wasn’t expecting that type of behavior from my brother. Normally he’s upbeat and soft spoken but his demeanor portrayed anything but that. Today he calls my dad asking him to get him and my dad goes to pick him up. I was somewhat excited to see my brother but I was also anxious because of our previous encounter. It’s even worse than I thought. It’s difficult for me to describe how he’s acting because I’m so upset about his mental health but I’m going to try to the best of my ability. First he was constantly pacing through out the house. He thinks his ex wife is coming to pick him up which is strange because she doesn’t live in the same state nor has he talked to her in some years. He keeps saying things that are just unusual I can’t repeat them because I’m at a loss for words. I don’t know what’s wrong with him because he can’t hold a simple conversation. I’m so distraught over this because I hate seeing someone I love in this state and I want do is help but I don’t know how.  PS I apologize for my poorly written post. I’m just having a rough time.
depression, Im in college and am really disassociated and I suppose sort of depressed. One study group (which this semester is made up of all toxic girls) I play down masculinity and probably act more akin to a girl- this group thinks Im gay. The group on my floor (who are more bro-like frat guys) think Im a fuckboi/ladies man since I act like a bro around them.In terms of me I dont really have any desire to pursue relationships at all. Midway through high school I had a huge crush but the past couple years its like Im aromantic. I feel like Im missing out on a key part of my teenage years (which are now over). Ive also sort of struggled with my sense of self as a result- Im not anything either group thinks of me as really feels like Im just a combination of my vices and anxieties. It has really been fucking with me since I feel like I act like whomever is on my mind- whether it be the people Im hanging out with or a fictional character I cant stop thinking of.I think Ive been able to put what Ive been thinking into words. Gonna bring that last sentence to therapy whenever I go.
depression, I have a ton of frustration with my self  built up. I have gone months and months and months where I have not interacted with anyone outside of my parents and it makes me lose my sanity. Because I have had zero friends my entire life and have no accomplishments and am lazy the isolation and feelings like I just exist for the sake of existing get to me and the only release is to bite my self. I dont know how to get rid of these feelings because the fact that I have no one who gives a crap about me outside of my parents is true. I have nothing very likeable about me and every time I have tried a therapist they never try to help me and just act very patronizing. Help.
depression, the dread of some strange impending doom freaks me the fuck out
mentalhealth, I’m getting rejected left and right either because the pandemic has made it so offices aren’t taking new patients or they don’t accept Medicaid. Like fuck me for being poor enough to need assistance and for mentally crumbling during an outbreak right?! I hate this shit. Like I’m just not functioning. I either can’t sleep at all or do nothing but sleep I lock myself away to sob periodically I can’t clean I’m practically catatonic at work what the fuck am I supposed to do?! Ughhhhh
depression, Hey all! Hope you are all doing well. This is probably the wrong forum to post on but I value your opinions since it seems we all share a common feat 🙄 Depression. I wanted to ask if anyone else has taken antidepressants which have helped to stop binge eating. I recently started wellbutrin and lybalvi and now consume literally a quarter of the amount of food that I used to. Sometimes I will grab a snack and completely forget about it or even forget to eat all day. This is so different from what my life was before: CONSTANTLY thinking of having food or my next meal. Ive binged twice since starting about a month and a half ago which isnt bad compared to life before the meds. I feel like an actual human being now that Im not constantly eating to suppress. Wondering if anyone has been through the same? Any input would be great. Good day guys 🤟
depression, How do  I stop these feelings when its just a result of the truth?If I died right now Im not saying no one will be sad but no one will really miss my presence.I dont have kids or a partner. I care for my elderly mother but she just needs me here to cook and clean. Both siblings have their own lives and rarely check in. I dont blame them their families are important.. I thought I was close with my friends but feel like Im always checking on them and asking how things are with them and offering my time to help. But almost no one wants to know how I am. Every now and then theyll ask but the conversation almost immediately goes back to them. I have one friend who does ask most days we talk and even remembers when I say important things have happened and asks me how those things are going. But she is going through some really tough times and I cant expect her to pay any attention to me being all needy. Besides she has a family and people who rely on her already. So anyway Ive come to this conclusion that if no one cares how I am in life they wont miss me when Im gone.Thanks for listening (reading). I think I just needed to put this somewhere as it just keeps going around and around in my head.
mentalhealth, I created a world in my head at the age I wanna say of about 9. When I got to HS at 15 I have played out every year every day as a character in this world Where I went from a HS athlete popular kid got all the girls etc. and now I’m a famous athlete in the NBA as well as a social media influencer. Like recently Coachella just happened and I’ll lay in my bed and pretend I’m a celeb at this event and create storylines of convos w different celebs etc. and I have created storylines that have followed for 5+ years. I have notes keeping track of everything in my phone it’s ridiculous. I am now 20 and still do this everyday to this day. My question is is this somewhat normal and 2. What the hell do y’all think about if you don’t have an imaginary world.
depression, I am in really bad mental depressionI am 18 years old and i dont know how to say my feelings about anything like i cant tell anyone that i am depressedI really need someone to talk to him a truly person who is care about me and respect me All my life i was helping people and care about them and when i needed help no one caresAnd this made me feel worse I really dont know how to ask for help
depression, It’s a big question of mines. But i legitimately feel lost as a person. I’m 19 years old currently not in college. Even though I have time. Time isn’t infinite so I feel stressed out just thinking about it. Sometimes I wonder whats the point in life? Am I living it to the fullest? What does it mean to be happy?  I’m stressed right now. I can’t find a job and it sucks that even maintaining one can also be bad as I had one working in a restaurant. Never again will I work in a restaurant learned that for sure. I just have a question. Or questions what or how did you ever find your passion? I don’t seem to understand mines or be able to comprehend what a passion even means. Sometimes I question the emotions I feel. I have more questions like how do you manage your emotions? How do you control your anxiety? How do you deal with late night depression? What is there more to life then working a full time at a full time job that can be dreadful if it isn’t your passion? How do you understand what love means or is? Some of these questions I don’t understand myself but it feels right to ask. Btw I don’t understand how to use reddit well so I apologize for any mistakes I have made.
depression, I can’t handle life. I can’t put up with trying to have and keep friendships and constant rejection because I’m not normal. I can’t be the happy person that everyone wants me to be. I can’t be socially in tune like everyone else is.I’m broken. Why should a broken thing even try to live a life? Why can’t I just have peace instead of subjecting myself to these challenges again and again that everyone else thinks is easy?I wish I could do something different instead of repeating the same thing over and over. I wish I could call the people I love and talk to them instead of being so petrified of angering them or disappointing them or annoying them that I can’t even send a text or an email. I just want to disappear and not be able to affect anyone’s life any more. I can’t have friends. I can’t be there for anyone else.My life is over. I need to stop thinking.
depression, Since the beginning of the year I actually dont know what to do with my life in any sense.Every day I just wake up stare at the ceiling for like 2 hours go eat something bathroom stare at the computer the whole day without knowing what to do getting rejected from every job that Ive applied to go to sleep repeat.At least then I had the motivation to check my E-mail for news but now with the quarantine i dont have any.I really feel like I have no purpose in life or whatever is this called Ive been looking for something that can light it up but theres nothing.Ive put a deadline my bday.If nothing changes til that day Ill go to my nearest train station and end this.Sorry
mentalhealth, Anybody ever just feel like they’re not meant for this life? Like no matter what you do you don’t succeed at it the way others do. Like why can’t I be less socially awkward and be able to make more friends or have a social life? Or why can’t I be less socially awkward and have good fun relationships with people at work the way a lot of my coworkers do where they joke around and talk so casually like it all just comes so naturally to them. But when I try to I get nervous and have a serious face and don’t have much to say after a couple sentences. Sometimes if I just click really well with someone then the conversation is better and I learn to get over the awkwardness but it takes me some time to get there. Or why can’t I have that motivation and self-discipline to never miss a day of work and be really good at my job? I do social work so I deal with uncomfortable phone calls and demanding people this does not go well my social anxiety and non confrontational personality so I struggle and it becomes overwhelming sometimes. Or like why can’t I just be happy with my relationship with my bf and not overthink everything and always find something wrong? I’ve learned to not be as impulsive and go straight to wanting to break up but I still have these thoughts to myself. My bf is actually pretty great and I love him I just have all these issues going on in my head.I feel like I’m a failure at dealing with the same problems a lot of people deal with on a daily basis like work stress motivation and keeping a social life. I feel like I’m a lazy person for not putting in more effort to be better. I just can’t help but feel like this is why I’m not meant for this life. I can’t find just enough motivation to be even slightly better.
socialanxiety, I recently was getting along well with a person at a community event which I pulled myself to (success) but my ability to manage the situation got depleted over the course of the day.  At the end I got so nervous and negative that I couldnt process a conversation and was rude to someone I had been making friends with (horrible failure).  My own reactions felt kind of automatic without thinking like some sort of self-destructive self-defense program.  Throughout that final convo I was deeply hating myself for being inadequate compared to others.  Was my situation all that weird or extreme?  It felt pretty severe.
depression, Hi all. Ive posted here before but I think my depression is getting worse. Ive been living with my mom and had to move out for two weeks because she had her brother come into town. My sister-in-law is so passive aggressive. Ive been helping out around the house but it has robbed me of my free time. In the past week ive had 5 panic attacks 1 thought of suicide 1 near attempt (Dropped off paperwork at a college for nursing and rode to the top of the parking garage and looked out over the ledge today and thought of jumping). I balanced my checkbook and found out I hadnt accounted for a bunch of things and I have to pay a past due on my credit card. They charged me $25 for being late. I asked if they would waive it and they would as a form of a credit. They wanted my bank information and I said I would just mail a check. I just started school and I am running out of money quickly. I just dont want to try this anymore. I hate having this damn disease and knowing I may pass it on to children. I dont feel like I can deal with people because I get anxious around most of them. How I am managing school I have no idea. Im just feeling really low right now. Thanks for listening.
depression, Its getting harder and harder to deal with this. In the past year I have developed a number of chronic health problems. I am also living in a foreign country (we moved for my husbands job) and I cant work due to restrictions on my visa. The only time I leave my apartment is to go to doctors appointments or the hospital. Today my insurance company called to help me schedule yet another MRI and I almost started crying on the phone.  I feel like I am constantly trying to pretend everything is fine for the sake of everyone else. The last time I saw my doctor she even remarked how impressed she was with my positive attitude so it seems I am doing a pretty good job of keeping up the act. I am trying so hard not to be a burden on my husband (my only support system right now) and I know its putting a strain on our relationship. I spend most of my time sleeping because its the only respite I get from thinking about my health or feeling empty and sad. Its like I am drowning.
depression, I don’t know if I have depression tbh. I don’t have the guts to tell my doctor how I truly feel or go to a therapist. But my hands are always cold my mind is always in a fog I’m constantly tired I always feel nauseous and anxious I constantly feel on the verge of tears. I just want everything to stop. Everything is so much work and I just want to sleep for a year or two. I’m losing my friends. I’m losing weight. I can’t take much of this any more.
depression, It gets harder every year and this time Im taking winter classes online so lack time or logistics for a lot of common suggestions...
depression, Where to start? If you met me on the street youd never suspect it. Outgoing engineering student from a nice middle class family. Good prospects of a future. Plenty of friends. I laugh a lot. You know how it is. But its been going on so long that Ive learned to just deal with it. Its MY struggle and its wrong to burden anyone else with it. I dont want to use the word depression. Its too clinical. Ive never been diagnosed and I dont claim to be a doctor but Ive had a suspicion. Ive always been a moody guy. I hit rough patches probably once or twice a month each lasting a few days to a week. They started somewhere around jr high school and have dogged me to this day. Those are dark times indeed. When it happens its like my whole world collapses around me. I can barely work up the will to go to class or see people. Its just too exhausting sometimes ya know? Some of the time its not too bad. Im a little bit extra moody and withdrawn. No harm done. The other times are awful. The sheer sense of hopelessness and futility overwhelms me. There have been times where Ive been driven to hurt myself. The scars still bring up pangs of regret and self hate when I look at them. But the worst are the suicidal times. Its not like a regular depressive attack. I dont feel particularly sad or anything. Instead I just have this dreadful clarity in my mind that I need to kill myself; that this is the natural outcome of things. These last for at least a week at a time. I come up with all sorts of methods and the only thing that stops me is a little voice that says Maybe do it tomorrow instead. Ive only had a handful of those thank god. I dont think I could survive many more. As a result I very heavily self medicate. When I first started smoking pot in college it was like a godsend. I could feel an attack coming on and I could ride it out in a haze. No problem. I am a very heavy marijuana user. I smoke everyday most of the day. I burn through ounces a month. To support this habit I became a drug dealer. I started getting my hands on other drugs as a result. The benzos are there when it leaks through the pot. The amphetamines are there to give me motivation when Im stoned and flying on the benzos. The ecstasy is there for the really tough times. The psychedelics are there when nothing else works; to give me a fresh perspective on life. Its been 4 years now and they have gotten me through some tough times but I REALLY just want to be able to function normally without drugs or anything. Ive gone clean multiple times for months at a time. But once the attacks start happening again in full force I get into that self destructive mindset and ruin it again. But thats not why Im here. The past month and a half have been hell. I get back to campus from thanksgiving break only to find out that one of my best friends in the world has overdosed on heroin and died (never touched the stuff myself and now I never will. Probably maybe.). Then my mom moves. Now I no longer have a home in the town I grew up in where so many of my friends are. I found out that my girl there has been cheating on me. Blatantly. I mean with moving and graduation soon it wasnt going to last either way but damn. That hurts. I feel like Ive lost such a large chunk of my life. This triggered such a long and strong attack thats only gotten worse.  Its been a month and half of shit. And on top of that the pressure coming at my from all sides; the responsibilities; its just too much. I cant deal with it all. I do the best I can but its just not enough. Im only human. Im sorry. I just really really needed to let that out. The xanax is kicking in. My mom just left so Im going to smoke up and pass out. Wait for time to pass by.
mentalhealth, My friend has recently been sectioned and because of COVID Im not able to visit her and so Im trying to think of gifts to send her. apart from the usual stuffed animals and flowers what do you think someone in her position would appreciate?
depression, This might be complex though if someone could read it I would really appreciate it.Im from the UK though I live in new zealand. I moved here when I was 11 and I am now 21. Since I have lived here I have never fitted in whether it be in teams schools jobs groups you name it I havent fitted in. I dont like living here because its too isolated too lonely too far away from my home country too socially different. Ive never made any real friends here and I seem to operate on a different wavelength to most people Ive been a complete loner for four years now. Theyre all of a relaxed care free attitude whereas I like to plan and do things properly. I stand out because of my strong accent so I always get asked where I am from... it annoys me and I simply want to fit in. I also want to be back in Europe I miss being able to go on cheap holidays to places like France or Spain and being surrounded by new cultures languages religions foods etc. I could go into more details though you get the idea. Ive been back to the UK twice in the last 8 years for a holiday and I loved every single  minute of it. When I was there my anxiety suddenly disappeared despite being in busy airports stations streets shops restaurants etc. My mood was good and I was smiling and saying hello to strangers in the street everything seemed to lift away and reveal the old me. Of course the obvious solution would be to move back! I wish I could though I can barely afford groceries let alone a $1000 air fare... and thats just the travel cost. I havent been able to work for two years due to depression and anxiety so I havent got any savings to take with me and fall back on. Ive got no one to live with in the UK too plus with no work experience recognised high school qualifications savings and huge amounts of anxiety I am struggling to see how I could make things work.The only other solution I can think of is to make the best of things here and learn to like it. I dont want to do that though I rarely use this word however I *hate* being here. I cant stand watching the news tv shows sport and so on. I spend most of my time on the BBC website or watching things like Qi or Mock the Week rather than NZ stuff. I believe that the biggest cause of my depression is that I dont have any sense of belonging at all. I almost feel like an alien who is on the wrong planet. I feel totally stuck and I have no idea what to do. Ive talked with my parents long and hard about this and they dont have any advice or thoughts so I feel on my own. If you read all that then thank you and any thoughts would be welcome from people who suffer from being homesick or want to leave where they are.
mentalhealth, When you start to do the things that you truly love it wouldn’t matter whether it is Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions. Life is full of beauty...notice the bumble bee the small child and the smiling faces. Smell the rain and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential and fight for your dreams. Morning is an important time of day because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have. For most of life nothing wonderful happens. If you don’t enjoy getting up and working/finishing your work and sitting down to a meal with family or friends then the chances are; you’re not going to be very happy. If someone bases his/her happiness on major events like a great job huge amounts of money a flawlessly happy marriage or a trip to Paris that person isn’t going to be happy much of the time. If on the other hand happiness depends on a good breakfast flowers in the yard a drink or a nap the smaller/finer things in life...then we are more likely to live with happiness. We’re the authors of our story when things aren’t going right we pick up that pen and start to rewrite the chapter and make subtle change. We are in control we are the ones will make a change. We are the ones who will stand tall and continue to show off the power of the mind spirit and fill this hurt planet/life with the joy love and passion it deserves.
depression, I’m tired of feeling so anxious and down all the time. I can’t relax anymore I haven’t been able to find joy anymore I feel lonely constantly even when I’m around people. Covid made my social anxiety the worst. I just need someone to talk to / advice on how to fix this
mentalhealth, I want to ask if there is a solution for my problem with falling asleep:I feel extremely anxious and scared when I close my eyes while trying to sleep so I usually keep my eyes open until Im too tired to stare at my door. I also have hallucinations they are very convincing and I become scared very often. This combo is pretty bad and Im tired of it any suggestions?
depression, *(I sent this to a friend of mine and he told me I should post it somewhere so... I guess here you go... Im not sure if it fits in this subreddit but I guess you can be the judge of that.)*She was the kind of girl who could feel things happen. She could feel the moment her brain disintegrated she could feel the moment her heart broke into a million little pieces she could feel her eyes water and her stomach flip. She was the kind of girl who held on too tightly and let go too slowly. She was the kind of girl who felt her throat clench and her stomach empty even when nothing came up.She was the kind of girl whos backpack was always full her notebooks always used her ears always filled with music. If you saw her in the hall she was always laughing with her friends eyes looking bright and full of life. But catch her alone drifting towards the bathroom wandering the halls alone after class you would find her with her head bowed and eyes fixated on the abused carpet below her. Sometimes you could see the tears streak down her face and if you were really lucky you might here a small sob a little moan or perhaps a whimper; a sign of weakness that she tried so hard to hide. If you were even luckier she might even turn off her iPod and sit down and just stare at you gently as if entranced with what you had to say. And when it was her turn to talk shed go quiet and shake her head and get up and leave because shes learned from her mistakes and learned when to speak and when to be quiet.She was the kind of girl who fell too fast and too hard the kind of girl who is always over-looked by people but her mind is alive with thoughts and ideas just begging to be released. Some times shell go out in the cold and the dark to be alone with her thoughts and if its a good night for her the stars come out and she counts as many as she can before her thoughts become to loud or she gets lost amongst the blackness.She was the kind of girl who hid under her bed and quaked in fear when storms rolled along but when the sun came out she was the kind of girl who would dance until her feet were bloodied and broken and then shed dance some more. She was the kind of girl who walked the halls on the balls of her feet; a silent husk of a soul traveling through the building on broken dreams.She was the kind of girl who dreamed of running away; running where she wasnt sure but running somewhere and seeing new sights breathing new air meeting new people. She was the kind of girl that despite falling too hard despite falling too fast fell in love with the strangers she met. Her heart was an open book at first but she began to shut it as time went on. She was the kind of girl who locked her emotions away in a cage and hid the key close to her breast. But sometimes if you were lucky shed reveal the silver key and hand it to you to unlock the cage. But now she hides it with ferocious intensity shielding herself from the public.She was the kind of girl who given the chance would happily jump into a taxi and take off. The kind of girl who would go wherever the taxi driver would take her. The kind of girl who wanted to run away but couldnt so instead she ran away in her mind.She was the kind of girl whos skin was pale white and unblemished as far as her friends and family were concerned. Underneath her little yellow dress however lay a maze she had carved into her chest a maze that lead nowhere but simply danced across her skin.She was the kind of girl who when it first began held the blade against her skin and pressed down but couldnt bring herself to do it. She held the blade there the cold metal stinging slightly but not quite cutting in not quite bringing the amount of pain she wanted to feel. He told her to throw the blade away to keep her skin intact because he knew what it was like had the scars to prove it but she was the kind of girl who would nod her head and tuck the blade away in the corner of her room. The kind of girl who two weeks later would find herself in the bathtub slick with blood and the very same blade pinched between two trembling fingers.She was the kind of girl who was there for everyone else but herself. She didnt know how to live instead getting by on stupid dreams and hollow prayers to a God she never believed in. She was the kind of girl who held in all the pain and suffering of those who came to her and then let all the emotions simmer before they overwhelmed her drowning her silently as she thrashed about hands outstretched in hopes someone would see her and save her.She was the kind of girl who would never admit it but she was scared so deathly scared of the world and the future and what it held for her. The kind of girl who let people know bare minimum of herself hiding her demons and monsters in the darkness.She was the kind of girl who never slept and instead listened to the drone of her mind.She was the kind of girl who just wanted to be loved.
depression, I hate when people are shitty to me. Growing up I learned I can’t leave every relationship when something bad happens but I really want to. I don’t treat people I love like shit but everyone who claims to love me treats me like shit (excluding my family). I never used to get angry because I didn’t expect anything from anybody. I didn’t have deep enough relationships to have strong feelings about them at all so after one issue in the relationship I would just stop talking to them if I had the power to. But the person I’m thinking of now I do have a deep connection with. Unfortunately. I’m so angry at him for being not like me. I can tell he settled for me. I can tell he likes other girls. It hurts when he denies it. It hurts that he won’t just let me go or leave me. I’ll never leave him he’ll have to do it. But he’s such a coward he can never be honest with me. And I’m stupid enough to stay because I don’t have anyone else
depression, Im not happy in life; hence why Im posting here.Im 24 and live with my parents. In recent times Ive been feeling the need to move out more and more with each passing day.I dont feel like an adult but more like a child who is imprisoned within what Im suppose to call home. I get very little say as mt parents make the argument that while under their roof their rools and are making changes I dont want to be a part of.The obvious answer is get a job and save up. I am employed...temporarily. my job ends in April and even if I was to rent a shitty damp 1 room apartment I would only be able to afford it 3 months and that doesnt include the costs of water electric etc. I just dont think its wise to move out when income is coming to an end soon.That and im scared of making it on my own. But the idea of freedom and taking charge does seem tantalising...even if I have no idea how to get there...
depression, Wellbutrin basically saved my life. I was miserably depressed until I was 17 when I started it. It was a radical transformation - I learned what it was like to be happy social and outgoing. At the same time I learned to deal with some side effects: on the medication I had a terrible memory couldnt think as clearly/deeply etc.I want to be a writer. Throughout college those side effects were manageable but I stopped writing. I didnt feel the drive to and when I forced myself to write the words didnt really come. Recently I dropped my dose in half from 300mg a day to 150. I was amazed at how quickly my mind and memories returned. I can write and think for the first time in years.Im also depressive for the first time in years. Im not in horrible pain or anything but Im not bright and happy anymore either. Its hard for me to wake up and doing most tasks is a slog. But I have enough energy from the half dose to force myself through things and (at least when it comes to writing) Im much happier with the results of my work.So my question is what do I do? Should I return to the more therapeutic dose and accept the side effects? Id like to enjoy my life as much as possible. I also have ambitions that Wellbutrin might be hampering. I know this is an unanswerable question but I would love any advice. Has anyone had to make a similar choice?**tl;dr:** Wellbutrin makes me happy but dumb. Should I keep taking it?
depression, Okay so I have a daughter that was taken away from me by her mother. Just so she could get on housing. I still see her but the initial shock of things threw me into alcoholism. And I mean bad. I ruined my last job because of that. Ive been doing better lately but then my anxiety kicks in. Ive always been an outgoing musician. But these past few years Im just an attractive hermit who only shows his face sober at work. Functioning alcoholic? No. I need to get sober. Im also on anxiety meds. Which I have been on for years. But I just feel like letting go of all my passions. And just sleeping the day away. . Any advice? I briefly saw a counselor in highschool. But couldnt afford a grief counselor after my daughters mom left me. . . I feel as if Im the mature adult in the relationship. Yet I always let her win.  .
mentalhealth, So Im in a rough position right now after improving my life a lot the last few years but Ive been through therapy and Im on meds and everything and should be doing better than I am. I know why I feel like this and I cant really fix it and I doubt my friends can either but I also have no therapist now because I finished grad school and Im trying to move soon. I know I need to reach out to a friend so that at least someone like gets the full extent and I know youre supposed to tell someone when youre suicidal but I dont know how to do it in a way that isnt manipulative or scary in some way to them. I also dont know what friend to even tell since I dont want to just focus all my trauma and other bullshit on one person. I havent been this actively suicidal in years and its scaring me. Im using all the coping mechanisms I know but sometimes it still doesnt feel like enough.
depression, When I told my therapist I was suicidal he asked if I needed to go somewhere safe. My kind of girlfriend (were taking a break) mentioned I might want to when I told her I was suicidal. These thoughts and urges are much worse than either of them know. So my question is when do you know you should go to the safe place? What can I expect?
depression, I dont know what to do anymore my life is just constant boredom and misery I wouldnt go as far as committing suicide but I just cant move on anymore like this. Im just going to give up and not try on anything anymore there just doesnt seem to be a point to it all. I just needed to vent here because I know nobody in my life cares enough to listen...
depression, I feel like I’m unloved. I’m trying but it seems like life is stagnant .I’m trying to be a good person but it feels like it only backfires. But then I start wondering if I just THINK I’m being a good person. Idk it seems the longer I try to keep up the colder and less me I feel. I’m so very tired.
depression, I moved to a small town north of Toronto for two reasons cheap rent well going to college in Toronto and to be near my grandparents. Been here a year I found out the very few friends I had back home werent real friends at all. I still hae about 5 good friends I keep in touch with but dont see since we are all busy. I was depressed for a few years and during highschool the last 2 years though I have been doing well. I am 20 years old and live in a small town the loneliness here brings on depression.I miss the old times and being young. I do my own thing and try to go to the gym but everyday I am losing motivation and my feelings and emotions seem to be overwhelmed with nothing but one : alone I feel so alone I have no friends here and nothing to do really I feel jduged everytime a girl looks at me maybe I am too skinny yet I have been working at it for a bit now it is almost like they expect you to be perfect within 48 hours. I dress well to make myself feel better but I feel there is no point anymore and might as well slap on some gym shorts and crappy plain t shirt. I dont even feel motivated to type this.I tried the whole online thing for both girls and friends and it works then it loses activity conversations die contacts disappear.If I couldnt drive I would go insane driving is my passion and it keeps me from going crazy I love going for cruises and will enjoy it more once the summer weather is here but I would enjoy it more if i wasnt alone.There really isnt much around me no pubs besides Newmarket which is 30 minutes away and I dont like drinking when I am like this plus it is expensive.I have no idea how to find people. I feel so judged yet who is around to judge me when all I see in the mirror is myself? just me nobody is around.
depression, I havent ever discussed anything like this with anyone before not sure why I am knowing no one will probably read this but oh well.The past 7 years of my life Ive never truly been happy. Ive been sad/depressed over how lame dull and boring I am as a person. As a kid I was never really allowed to have friends and go out with anyone unless my big brother was there with me which was pretty lame. I had always gained a dependency to become friends with my brothers friends given the fact that I could never have any of my own. Im 22 now and the only real friends I have are all of my brothers. Ive built up a damn good facade over my life to display that Im always this happy guy who has a smile. All throughout highschool to my current final year of college everyone has commented on how Im always happy welcoming and nice. While the latter statement is true the former is far from the truth. Ive never exactly pin pointed why I havent been happy but the above and what I will continue to write explains it I guess.My first year of college was truly the best year of my life. I met a lot of great people and genuinely had fun. However the rest of my career as a student didnt exactly keep up. I look around everywhere and everyone looks like theyre having fun interesting conversations with each other which is something Ive always lacked. Having shitty social skills has always been my detriment considering I was practically stripped of having legitimate friends with anyone other than my brothers circle of friends. Half the time I dont contribute - Im just there. My parents would always say you can only go to X if your brother comes or simply no you cant go out. I actually remember a neighbour asking my mom why Im always home. My mom called me a loner. Yeah I fucking wonder why Im a loner. My one close friend I met in my first year of college is one of the best guys Ive known. Lately I havent been talking to him because I just have nothing to say. This goes for everyone I meet  or the friends Ive had for the past 15 years. I simply dont know what to talk about or hold a fucking proper conversation. Its just pathetic. Now Im practically drifting apart because of my shitty social skills. Im an introvert at heart and no matter what I do it will always come back to that. Whenever Im invited out with one other person I try to dodge it because I dont want there to be an awkward silence or the other person to be bored around me. When I do end up going all I can really think about is how bored the other person must be considering whatever conversations that go on never really last. It all comes to a halt and we end up just talking about old shit that weve talked about in the past.My love life isnt any better. Ive went on many dates with several girls over the past 3 years (never kissed a girl until I was around 19 not that I care) but I never really connected with them. That and of course I end up running out of things to say and it practically ends itself. I havent really went on dates with someone for weeks at a time since I just dont know how to have a decent conversation once my go to topics are up. Im a good looking smart guy and wouldnt really have a problem with meeting a girl but my social skills are a deterrent. Im a virgin by choice mainly because I dont want to be a disappointment to my parents by having sex before marriage (although I will be one to my dad once he realizes Im not pursuing the career he wants me to pursue) so I dont randomly hook up with girls even though I can. Not that it even matters Ive never had a relationship to begin with so naturally I wont be married any time soon. I met that girl everyones looking for - the one - three years ago but she chose someone else over me. Although Im over it it always killed me knowing she chose someone who isnt nearly as attractive as I am over me. I guess hes just a more engaging person. My friend mentioned above also just got into a relationship and hes always texting her when were together. Im always wondering what the hell does he talk about to be able to talk to her for months at time every single day. Kind of a weird and embarrassing question to ask someone.Im a pretty smart person. I get good grades and Im starting to pursue my dream. I havent always been like this. Ive always been the class clown wanting to be the center of attention. Up until the 11th grade my grades were dismal. I didnt care about anything. People would call me stupid (also ugly Ive only gotten my good looks the past couple years) teachers would tell me I wouldnt amount to something. What a hit that was to me and my self-esteem! Ive never felt as good as the moment I stepped on stage to graduate highschool with a scholarship to my university proving every. single. person. in that damn room wrong - even my own parents. Although I am successful I always doubt myself saying I dont deserve these grades Im getting I dont know how Im getting them. Im still that stupid kid that I was 7 years ago. I know this isnt the case but damn its always on my mind.I shouldnt be depressed. I have a loving family (which may sound contrary to what Ive stated above) I have a free roof to sleep under Im financially stable because of my parents and dont have to pay for a damn thing if I chose to do that.. But I feel I am. The only person in this world I truly love is my brother because hes always been behind me and has always motivated me. Damn Im getting emotional right now. Ive always compared myself to a clown. Im always sad and depressed but theres always a stroke of paint on my face showing a smile. Im not sure what brought me to make this post but I do feel a small sense of relief. I guess its time to put that happy mask back on.EDIT: grammar punctuation some text
depression, Its safe to say my parents are pretty much over it. No card no nothing. They wouldnt have even bothered to say happy birthday to my face if I didnt go to them first. The rest of my family was the same. I dont really blame them. I dont want to celebrate my birthday either. People in their 20s are supposed to be happy fun pretty and successful. I am none of those things. What reason do they have to celebrate the birthday of someone whos been so worthless?
mentalhealth, First and foremost this is not and I repeat NOT a sympathy post. Just as the flair says  this is simply venting and I guess sort of an observation on my part with the curiosity of what everyone else’s take on this is. We’ve heard the classic lines “life sucks and then you die” or as a response to claiming that something isn’t fair “who said life was fair?” It’s all been well established. Life isn’t fair and we all have to deal with it. Fine. But sometimes doesn’t it seem a little…too unfair? You can literally give your absolute best effort at a job demonstrate how passionate you are about your work and still end up firedunemployed and struggling. You can be nothing but kind and respectful to people only for those same people to be rude and condescending in return. You can be generous to people only for those same people to turn around and rob you blind. You can live this life straight and narrow. Not doing drugs not committing crimes treating everyone with kindness and respect always giving your best effort at everything you do all to still somehow end up with the shitty end of the stick. What is this world? How did we end up here? What have we become?
depression, I really need to tell my parents i need to get help.. Im 14 male and ive been rlly depressed for the last year and a half and i cant take much more of this soo i selfharm :( but im almost 3 months clean so thats good but ive attempted suicide my mom found my note before i can do anything but I was so ashamed and so embarrassed i told her it was old and i no longer feel that way D: so i totally blew her off and that was last august and now ive just gotten worst idk how to tell my parents and im rlly fked at this point could anyone give me some advice or some of there personal stories or someway to tell them (specifically my mom) Thank you
depression, I dated a girl for two years and we broke up last July. I was head over heels for her and took it badly. Since then Ive just pushed everything out of my life that could remind me of her - mutual friends notes pictures everything.But now I have nothing. I just saw her today (for like half a second) with a whole bunch of friends shes made in the past few months and I just realized that I dont have anyone. Im totally alone in this and I *made* it this way. I feel like a dysfunctional person whos so broken they cant even stand to see an ex in the flesh. I need the hurt to stop so I can move on with my life but its just taken over me so profoundly that I lose control of myself.I know only time can heal this but I dont know how much more I can take.
depression, First time posting here I see a lot of actual depressed self posts here but not so many on depressed friends. Does anyone have any advice on how to lend support to a ill/depressed friend or maybe direct me to a sub reddit that may be of more use to me?
depression, Depression is like lives in Silent Hill inside your worst nightmares taken from anguish terror and anxiety in search of something that is not there.
mentalhealth, When people ask about my life I tell them the truth: that I dropped out of university and now live with my mom working a minimum wage job. Its hard because everyone else my age seems to be doing far better and it makes me feel like a loser. I want to tell them why things are the way they are – that I became suicidal at university. That I live with my mother because my father left her and the country unexpectedly and without me she wouldnt be able to afford the mortgage. That I have no plans to get a real job because I still struggle to want to exist from day to day let alone want anything else. I feel like I cant tell them those things because I dont want to come across as being dramatic or attention seeking or trying to throw a pity party or that its easy to blame mental health for my failures and that Im actually just a deadbeat.I also cant help but compare myself to others. My problems are tiny in comparison to some peoples problems and who knows if the person Im whining to about my pathetic life actually have it way worse. I dont know why that invalidates my own problems.
depression, Im 16 and for the past 5 years ive been unable to take a shower (without the use of watching youtube while doing so and i can take baths normally) the reason is because when ever i take a shower my mind switches from happy thoughts to sadness death and upsetting thoughts like how i will eventually die how ive been mean to people that day and other stuff. i cant figure any reason why it only happens in the shower though. can anyone help?
depression, I am afraid of the me of tomorrow. The me that will go from bad to worse that will be even more lost. I feel like Im doing everything wrong and its getting worse. To be honest I dont know if you can call what Im feeling depression. But Ive had it before and Im afraid of falling into it again. But I dont know how to get better either. I am increasingly afraid to go to others so much so that a simple hello makes me panic. I have anxiety attacks over ridiculous things and stress over just about everything. Sometimes I feel like it would be easier to make everything stop but I dont want to have come all this way for nothing. So I continue and I continue with the fear of what will happen tomorrow. I dont really know what I want from this post I have no one to talk to so I came to say a few words here (and sorry for the mistakes Im learning English). Thank you for reading and I hope you have a good day.
depression, Waking up alive was horrible and confusing. But a day or so ago something inside of me clicked - I don’t know if it was the intervention my friends gave me my actual attempt on my life or what - but after years of self hatred and hopelessness I am actually starting to believe that things will finally get better. Im not trying to make it some white-light/hope-centric experience. It wasnt. It was horrible and scary. And I certainly dont recommend it. But I guess I just hit my rock bottom. And now I know what direction to go in. At least I really hope so. I dont know. Its just that this is the first time throughout my entire depression that Ive ever thought that there was an endgame for me and I could get out of this.
depression, EDIT: Wrote this on my phone and realized the format is fucking terrible. Im sorry. I couldnt figure out how to leave a space between paragraphs. I apologize for the length of this post. I will make it as short as possible. Theres just way too much to unpack in my life. Much appreciated if you can get through it all. I made a new account so that the few people I know who use reddit dont find this. I came to the US on a student visa. December 2015. The plan was to graduate from college find employment and get sponsored through a work visa. I was majoring in physics and wanted to be an astrophysicist. I would stay with a relative of mine whos been here for ages. Wed agreed on me staying there rent-free and in return Id be responsible for the house. This was a huge undertaking. My mom and I had saved up money for 6 years my uncle had contributed and I was coming here alone after having lived an incredibly sheltered life for so long. I had severe social anxiety as a kid. I could barely leave the house as my anxiety bordered on agoraphobia. I had a physically mentally financially and emotionally abusive dad who ruined my mothers life. I had visited the US before and I was absolutely infatuated so after years of not budging on my decision what was left of my family had to cave in and let me go. My desire to run away and be someone else was just as strong as my fear. I took the biggest leap of faith I could and left everything and everyone behind. I remember crying on the plane when we were approaching LAX. I cried on the drive home after seeing the skyline of Los Angeles. Its still one of my most beloved memories and I drive up there just so I can look at it. This is unfortunately where the good ends.The man I was staying with revealed himself to be a drug addict and an ephebophile. He was using cocaine at the time and dating (and pretty much sexually abusing) a 17 year old server from his restaurant. He was 50. She got addicted and it ruined her life. I couldnt call the cops because I thought I had nowhere else to go. I ended up being homeless anyway. Hed been wanting her to move in for some time. I found myself out in the streets halfway through my sophomore year. The plan was flawed from the beginning as I only had enough money to get me through college. We didnt and couldnt account for 4 years of living expenses. I wouldnt need them anyway. We thought we knew my relative but he was just putting on a facade for years. Waiting for his mother to die to collect her fucking insurance. By the time Id found a place to stay gotten a job working under the table and figured out a way to get back and forth Id blown through the next semesters wages. I couldnt make it back fast enough at $9/hr no matter the amount of overtime. I reported him to the police then but she defended him and she was 18 by then. Culture shock combined with trauma from being homeless and alone combined with the trauma from witnessing what he had done completely shut my brain off. I was only worried about survival at the time.Oh shit moment #1 came when I woke up one day to someone knocking on the door at 6am. Department of Homeland Security. Fast forward to last year and oh shit moment #2 came when my girlfriend of 4 years who was my first in everything dumped me and filed for separation after she had proposed to me. She was a few years older. She said she didnt want to deal with all this and that she deserved someone who was older financially stable and had a career.  I agreed. I gave her everything when I had nothing and it hurt like the 7th circle of hell but I know that I cant even see my own future anymore. Sometimes your best isnt good enough.Its 2020 and I havent recovered. I thought I would start with a blank slate and be who Im meant to be when I first came here. I was fresh outta high school. Didnt anticipate that my horrible judgment would carry over. I moved south not too long ago after sleeping on the floor of a mechanic shop for 5 months making $7/hr. The guy who hired me was from the same country so I thought wed be able to bond and help each other out. I was just being used the entire time. My naivete and general lack of life experience from being sheltered has led me to make some terrible choices regarding who I surround myself with. Ive officially ran away 4 times now and have been homeless twice. I had to learn the hard way but finally I figured out the ways of the world enough to be stable. I work to live and live to work. I have no social circle left the few friends I had are all up north. Theyve all graduated in relationships and steadily chugging along. The deportation hearings are still pending and they get pushed back every time because of the insane backlog. Im stuck here. My passport was confiscated and wont be returned until my case is concluded. I cannot even begin to tell you how bad it feels to prepare myself to go back home over and over again only to find out that my hearing is rescheduled. I never got used to it. Every time I get that letter in the mail Im filled with the same kind of dread as ever. I live in Uncanny Valley. I look normal dress nice drive a prius. I get up in the morning walk to my favorite coffee place get a coffee and bagel and drive to work. You would never know but something is missing. Something is wrong. I cant see ahead. I cant get an education. I dont want to make friends  because suffering has become my identity now. It almost feels like Im forcing myself to suffer just so that itll be a relief when I do have to leave. If I had things to leave behind I dont think I could handle leaving. I go on dates and everyone walks out on me after hearing my story. I cant blame them. I get job offers sometimes when I meet people. Even white collar ones. I sometimes pretend to be normal and ghost them when they call back. Ill never pass a background check. I envy everyone no matter how badly they seem to be doing. I envy a guy in a beat up 76 Monte Carlo just as much as I envy a guy in an Aston Martin. At least he doesnt have to wake up with deportation on the back of his mind. At least he can call the cops when something happens. At least he has options if he wanted to change things. I cant. My only option is to get married now and what the fuck kind of offer is that? Lets commit but Im getting deported and if I dont Im starting life 5 years behind. It hurts so fucking bad to be doing the same things that everyone else is doing but somehow being different. Somehow feeling wrong.Ill be turning 23 next month. My young adult years are gone just like the childhood I never had. I drive up north on my off day  just to sit somewhere and look at downtown LA. It fills me with the same kind of joy that it did back then. I would go to my college before COVID-19 hang out at the library and pretend to be a student. Sometimes I break down after seeing what my peers worry about. Grades relationships friends just normal life stuff. I have a dark cloud over my head 24/7 and the feeling of impending doom wont go away.I have trouble sleeping and I keep having recurring dreams. Its future me married. I have a career. 3 kids two girls and a boy. Cute country house somewhere in the midwest. A 66 Buick Wildcat. Labrador retriever. I wake up crying at least once a week.I wish I could be myself. I wish I could flourish. I wish women didnt rightfully walk away from me. I wish I could be the same on the outside as I am deep down. Strong hopeful and full of life. I speak 4 languages play guitar drums and piano. I write music. I make a damn good frontman. One of my dreams was to play all the venues on Sunset and I did. I cook. I work as a chef now. Im good with my hands. I can restore a classic car or an old house Ill never have to call a handyman for anything. I try to read one book a week. Im really good with children. Even better with animals. Im open minded Im loyal. I dont work out but Im physically healthy. I dont have any harmful habits. One glass of whiskey every now and then when I want to relax at night. Im decent looking. I can talk about anything with anyone. Im finally stable have a car and a place to stay. Savings account gets bigger every week and I dont owe anything. The list goes on and on and I cant do SHIT with any of this. My self esteem is so so far through the floor its fucking unbelievable. I cant move forward. Not without getting my legal situation sorted out. I dont want anyone to get emotionally invested in me BEFORE learning what Im going through. I dont want to use anyone the way Ive let myself get used- and being upfront = being left alone. I just want to be a student again. I would sell my soul just to feel normal. I would give everything to go back in time. I live with the crushing guilt of it all somehow find the strength to carry on and go through the motions. When I look at other people I feel like Im watching NatGeo. As if Im a completely different species and Ive been isolated for so long that I have the curiosity of an alien taking notes on humanity. I havent had the head space to recover from the break up. I feel unlovable I feel worthless. I dont know when this shit is gonna end. Am I gonna be a freshman in college at age 30? Have I completely annihilated the rest of my life? My inner voice wont shut the fuck up and I have no one to talk to. Im just in a neverending cycle of bottling things in and then having a breakdown once I get too full. Music is my only emotional outlet but I can only write so much or cram so much into a single song. I cant afford the amount of therapy needed without health insurance. I hope things get better. :/
depression, this always happens to me i will be fine for the most part then it all comes back and hits me like a train and i would be like that for a time and then i would be fine until im not do i not have depression if im not depressed 24/7 yes i can be happy at times but when im in that state of mind all i want to do is self harm and die
depression, Backstory: So i’m 22 and have had symptoms of and the diagnosis of depression since about 12. Last summer I got a ton of hospitalization treatment which was very effective and the past year I’ve been doing very well. Lots of healthy coping and no super long episodes! (Also I am medicated). Now: This summer I have been on and off working as I just graduated college and also studying for a professional exam. I’ve had a lot of free time on my hands these past few weeks especially and I am noticing myself to be acting “lazy”. Like sitting around on the couch all day and not doing anything. The Question: Even though I am not particularly sad could this “laziness” be a symptom or a sign of an episode starting?? I wonder if I need to get my meds checked out by my psych or something.  What do you think?
depression, Im in college and on Thanksgiving break. In my 2nd year but I barely have enough credits to be considered a sophomore. Im really unhappy in college because I have no idea what Im doing what I want to do. I feel alone have no idea how to make friends so I isolate myself I cant focus on any of my classes and grades are subpar. I dont know how to tell my parents this. Theyve been pushing me to get a degree all my life but I have no idea what I want a degree in. I cant find anything Im really passionate about. I cant remember the last time I was this sad and this confused.I need more than help I need direction. But I cant do this by myself. I have no idea how to be by myself. Ive always relied on others...
depression, Hi...sorry for my terribile english Im italian and Im not that good with english grammar and all that stuff...So 2017 is ending another shitty year trowned in the garbage and I just feel an hopless piece of shit with no hope for the future or everything.. Im jelous. Of everyone in this world thats happy that have a family a talent a job friends  a reason to wake up in the morning..it just make me feel angry and jelous and sad. What I do to deserve this? Sometime I wish I was never born. Every little happy moment I had in my life was just momentary and quickly taken away.. I know everything in life cant last forever and all that stuff but this shitty black tunnel that is my life it never seems to end. Is just a delusion another delusion a whortless day another whortless day. My life is just like that. I dont want to kill myself bc Im scared of doing that I just live like a worm. And Ive tried. A lot of fucking things. Therapist changing hometown trying to finish school trying to seek for help. Im just tired after so many failed attempts to fix my life. they just dont work and Im tired of everything.
depression, My day started out ok nothing really happened but after a bit a feeling of just negativity has hit me. Im in my bed dont even want to get up and go to graduation. Nobody is gonna talk to me after graduation going to community college but I feel like Im gonna lose all my friends the few I have. Everyone is so tense and wont relax I just want to chill and I cant. I just wanna be alone right now but I dont wanna be lonely.
mentalhealth, I’m in a situation I’ve been in for a while but I have no one I can talk to and I’m so overwhelmed and can’t let anything out even self harming won’t make a dent in letting some frustration out and I don’t know what to do anymore
depression, My current situation isnt great and its only seems getting worse.Im a 29 year old man.  About two years ago I was diagnosed with chronic type two diabetes.  After losing a good bit of weight (I was 300 currently 210) and working hard to get healthy and exercise my situation hasnt changed.  Still having to give myself shots daily.  Still having to prick my fingers 4 times a day for blood tests.  I struggle with overeating to compensate for my depression and the added guilt from the disease hasnt helped at all.About 9 months after my diagnosis my father died.  A diabetic and a drinker his drinking and his failing kidneys finally got the best of him.  We didnt get along that well.  I had a lot of pent up feelings about the abuse his drinking put me through when I was a teenager and while he did his best to make up for it in his final years I still dont feel like it was enough.Im a happily married man and have been for the past 8 years.  My wifes health however has recently taken a downward turn.  6 months ago she was hospitalized with a severe case of pneumonia.  after 2 weeks 4 days of which were spent in the ICU she finally got to come home but after a recent surgery on her arm the issues began to crop up again because of the anesthesia.  She is currently on home oxygen and doesnt have use of her right arm because of the surgery she just underwent and is basically completely dependent on me.  The added stress of taking care of her completely is beginning to take its toll and the thoughts of losing her are driving me back to dark places.  She means literally everything to me.About 5 months ago I spoke with my doctor about my bouts of depression and the suicidal thoughts that were cropping up because of it.  She prescribed me a medication which was working well for awhile but recently not as much.  Im slowly regressing back into those dark places.  Stress eating because of my depression and than feeling guilt about literally slowly killing myself.Not sure where to go from here.  Recently I havent felt like Im living.  Just waiting to die.  Dont misunderstand me.  Im not considering taking my own life at least not yet.  I just feel like life isnt taking me anywhere and every time I turn around something else is taken from me.
depression, Im mildly lactose intolerant Ive always had digestive issues and depression and my parents never looked into either issue. But as an adult theyve both gotten worse. The lactose intolerance got worse after switching birth controls as well. I have been able to vary and improve my diet and notice how different foods affect me Ive been whittling away the amount and types of dairy I consume to make my digestion healthier and the change has been amazing but Ive noticed a huge change in the severity of my depression as well and my feelings drop if I treat myself to things like homemade alfredo(a particular weakness). I know everyones issues are different and other factors like hormones weather social anxiety still affect me but maybe trying less dairy will help someone else cause god I wish I had known to try this back in high school.
socialanxiety, I’ve been keeping a dream journal lately and most of my dreams are about social anxiety or social awkwardness or being ignored or overlooked or dismissed or judged or people treating me like I’m weird. What the heck. I rarely will have a “good” dream. At best they’re neutral. I really do think I’m getting better but if my subconscious is still stuck on this am I really getting better.
mentalhealth, Im currently in grade 11 of high school and all I want to do is graduate. High school has been hell for the past two years. The only thing I look forward to is going home the weekend and graduating. High school is complete hell. Im in the IB program so thats already my daily dose of stress I literally have no friends- only acquaintances my parents have ridiculous expectations for me and I just feel so lost when it comes to thinking about my future. All of this just leads to me feeling so damn pathetic about myself and it doesnt help the way I view myself my self-image its just so pathetic I hate what I see in the mirror but thats a topic for another day. Graduating high school seems like the only way to somewhat escape this hell although I am aware that there are more responsibilities to come once graduating high school.
depression, I have long had a general attitude towards myself that could (at least on the surface) be attributed to depression. I have no love for myself I generally dislike people I dont have any qualms against speaking vulgarly pessimistically and hatefully for people in general and especially myself partially medicated social anxiety and I have no motivation whatsoever to do anything productive. The closest things that resemble a passion for me include very niche areas that are typically considered hobbies such as roleplaying tabletop games free writing a fascination with encyclopedias and wikis that borders on an internet addiction and just general surreal undisturbed absurdity where I can just melt into a world of crass un-logic where I can giggle at silly shitposts and obscure (or not so obscure) pop culture references as memes.But am I really depressed or is it some other disorder like a bizarre introspective circlejerk of a superiority/inferiority complex?  Or more likely am I just lazy? I do after all have a perfectly intact (albeit dry) sense of humor no suicidal tendencies and good familial relationships. My performance at school is a mixed bag of gaining excellent marks in certain sporadic areas and having mediocre to failing marks in many others. What in the nine hells is wrong with me?Some things to note include my official autism diagnosis my (supposedly) gifted intelligence my slightly early puberty my (now cured) anemia at age 9 and the fact that I am in a comfortable economic and familial situation.
socialanxiety, Sorry I’m a dumb 17 year old I’m charming enough I look ok enough. But I can’t ever stomach the idea of someone liking me enough to be with me. I feel like if they ever did they would expose the fact that I am a liar who can’t keep his story straight. Is this a common thing
depression, Last two years were very bad for me but this one started great. Great marks in school and I dont feel socially awkward anymore but now I have mood change from time to time. All at once I just feel empty sad life becomes pointless and I just lose strength to move on but the next day its going fine again. Sometimes that feeling hits me in school sometimes in the evening but it happens very often lately. And I dont know why. What do you think?
depression, I hadnt had suicidal thoughts in two years. I had 3 serious attempts because i had a really scattered adolescence along with absense of parental figure. Things got better for me for a bit I started traveling I made genuine friends and found romance. But right now I just feel so hopeless and so worthless Im trying to prep for an entrance exam which seems like a tight deadline and I bet on myself by coming to a country with one of the highest COVID cases in the world because I thought that things would work out between unrequited fling I had back in the summer. He gave me a lot of mixed signals but now I realized I was just tripping. Am I dumb or am I dumb? Now I realized that hed never feel the same and now Im gonna have to spend my birthday Christmas and New Years alone should I just kill myself before I have to go through these shitty celebrations all alone again? I really thought that this time it was love but it was just an infatuation and I was impulsive to make such stupid decision. I go to sleep by relying on sleeping pills now and I cant run anymore. I just walk. I just wanna kill myself so much. I cant stand myself and I cant seem to forgive myself for such stupid decisionns. fuck. I have no one to rely on nobody will hear me out anyways. At this point its embarassing to even talk about it not that any of my close family or friends know about my suicidal impulses in the past but even if I do what good would come out of it. The only part I worry is although my parents are far away theyd feel awful knowing that they couldnt do anything about my death.
depression, I just finished watching it and Im not sure why but it made me feel a lot better tonight. Ive been in the clutches of despair for the last couple weeks but something about the movie gave me at least a little inspiration to not hate myself before I go to bed.
mentalhealth, Im scared. Im scared that Ill slip up and end it all. Im scared that Ill finally find a way to actually go through and end my own life because the one im living right now feels horrid. Im a horrid person full to the brim of toxic behaviour and horrible personality traits that drive people away if I dont push them away first.Im scared of myself because I dont know how to even speak about my problems to anyone. I feel alone and I dont even feel like getting help will well help. I wish I was someone else just for a day or two. I wish I knew a little bit more about being human. I dont want friends. I dont want to be with or around anyone. I cant. I shouldnt. Im an asshole and Im not a fun person to be around. Not anymore.
mentalhealth, i keep havib dream about a friend i had that lets just say really disliked me and like its always a dream where im saying im sorry everything was my fault and i just feel shitty cause i cant get her out of my head like idfc about her it least i dont thibk i domaybe its down to the fact i have no friends anymore? cause they all sidded with heridk im just lonely and over thinking a stupid dream maybe not? &gt; you have a deep desire to correct an embarrassing situation you have pending closureslike i caused all the problems and i want to fix them but ive been pushed to far out for thati cant even talk to them and what would i say if i didim definitely over thinking thislike this isnt that big of a deallike its a fucking dream
depression, im so tired but i feel so lucky. i stood in the living room once all the boxes had come in and i tried so hard not to cry. im finally out of the abusive and stressful situation i was in before to a new brighter place to live and thrive. over the past few weeks ive been taking more initiative towards working on my mental health. ive recently seen a psychiatrist for the first time in a long long time and had been officially diagnosed with bpd/bipolar and ptsd which was kind of scary to hear out loud but i suppose it makes some sense. the session itself was really difficult and brought forth a lot of memories i preferred not to resurface but it helped regardless. i saw my therapist the next day and we spoke about that too which was almost kind of pointless. i also began school to try and finish my high school diploma. i forgot how hard school is and how mean kids are. i was bullied on my first day and i nearly ended up just  forgetting all about it but i thought  more about how much i needed this and not just for myself. so ive been doing better i suppose in some sense. im not half as stressed out as i had been before moving. im really really happy here and i think it will be good for mine and my boyfriends health. i could gush over it for days.
depression, Trying to not just scream at my toddler when my meds are completely gone is the hardest thing. I feel like I’m being shocked every 5 minutes I’m tired but can’t sleep at night hungry but can’t eat. But my child is acting like a toddler their age wanting all my attention and constantly going a billion miles an hour and here I am trying not to just break down and scream at them. Why does this have to be so hard? I know I will feel better once I get my meds refilled. This feels beyond awful and makes me feel like a terrible parent. It’s not like I can explain to them “ hey sweetie I’m not doing to good so you have to stop acting like a miniature human who barely knows how to be alive for a while and just go into stasis mode till I feel better. Ok thanks “. The world needs a system where if your partner is depressed you can take time off to take over their parental duties when they are having a mental health moment you know?
depression, I read a book about depression recently and the introduction was the author discussing his father and how he watched two boys he knew drown when he was in high school. One of them got caught in an undertow and the other swam out to save him.A drowning person will grip you if you get in too close. Theyll pull you down with them. You should throw them something a rope a life preserver. But dont touch them dont go in after them.This has been my experience with having a mental illness. I have had friends and girlfriends steer clear of me once they found out that I suffer from depression. And the thing is I totally understand why they would act that way. Its not even because of stigma or ignorance its a real sense of survival and self-preservation.Being around depressed people can be depressing. Negative thought patterns can be infectious. No one wants to hear about all of the bad things in the world real or imagined objective or exaggerated. If youre out there trying to get by it makes perfect sense not to associate with people who are only going to bring you down. Life is hard enough as it is.But of course that doesnt change the fact that such occurrences make me feel awful and unloveable. It makes me feel really bad about myself that something I dont have control over a real biological illness that I didnt choose to suffer from inherently prevents people from getting close to me.Funnily enough one summer I was at the beach with a girl that had broken up with me a few months earlier. And I got caught in an undertow and had a near death experience. Im not religious or spiritual at all but I found myself begging God to save me thats how close I was to actually drowning. And she stood on the shore and watched this happen. Luckily someone else heard me screaming and swam out with an inner tube and I survived.I dont know what the point of this post is. Just something Ive been thinking about.
depression, Pity that I wont be there anymore to cherish it.
depression, I need to vent. Hard. Sorry.My communication skills are horrible. I have trust issues and socialization issues that prevent me from being able to talk to people effectively about whats on my mind. My Mom took me to a therapist last week just to talk about my trichotillomania (compulsive hair pulling) which has spiraled out of my control... She had to stay in the room and answer most of the questions for me. It was horrible and in no way helped anything since Ive never been entirely honest with my Mom either and her answers were biased as fuck. She left out the fact that my grades have dropped drastically Ive been having meltdowns where I straight up cry for no reason and that I have a bit of a history with self-harm. She left these things out intentionally so they wouldnt think Im some batshit crazy suicidal teen. Even though I kind of am. But I have nobody to tell and no idea how to explain it. The whole extreme introvert thing doesnt help much.Life at home is pretty bleak. My Mom has really bad back problems growing up it was common to hear her yell out in pain a few rooms away. Still is. Keep calm and carry on. My older brother just made it official hes dropping out in his first year of college. My other older brother hasnt been in school since he got arrested for stuff a while back.My oldest sister is in a crumby marriage so my three year old niece is over almost all the time. Shes actually sleeping in my brothers room currently. But yeah its a small house and none of the doors lock heats been out last few days but its getting fixed tomorrow hopefully. Weather sucks on the east coast.Said before my grades suck. They do. Even taking two music classes and two art classes my GPA is barely a 2.5. Not good when Im supposed to be applying for colleges. I just cant seem to motivate myself these days to do anything. Not just my schoolwork but I havent been reading or writing or drawing as much either. Everything just seems like work now even the things I used to enjoy.Its 2:41 AM right now. I have an english paper math homework packet a science packet and a history paper due tomorrow and havent done any of it. Theres a bench I need to paint for my art class due in a few days I doubt I can finish. Ive been reading the same novel for four months now I should have been done in less than one. And tomorrow Ill go to school feeling shitty and there will be over a thousand people there who somehow make me feel even more isolated than normal. Im not sure where Im going with any of this.  I dont know what I need. I hate feeling helpless I hate that I need help. I dont want to be me. I just want to not exist
depression, ...and that is all I have the energy to say.
depression, my father has ALS and our only form of communication is via him writing on a pad. My mother has been in and out of the hospital for months now with terrible symptoms they link with colitis.. when i was in the hospital with her i felt like i was loosing her her hands where as cold as ice.  And to top it off the girl i loved with all my heart ( dated for four years)  broke up with me and is now seeing an ex that i always voiced my concerns about as she started working in the same company as him. I feel so selfish about this too as the loss of her pushed me to my final edge at the moment im so raped up in her and not everything else I told her all my fears with my father and she was the ear that i so desperately needed the nights when my mind was racing she would be there to let me hold her and now shes just gone... i just dont get it im losing a father a mother who is being pushed to the brink and a love that i regrettably let to close to my heart... at 20 years old i wish i knew what to do to be honest i think of suicide almost every day mostly the mornings and nights but i just cant do it. I dont want to leave my mother and sister all alone. this cant be healthy though i want to feel happy again for once from myself I want to be able to set my own destination in life but its futile as it seems.
mentalhealth, I have been at a constant struggle with myself to find motivation to do productive things such as studying. I keep hopping on to YouTube and staying there until many hours pass. I just find it hard to start projects and stay focused on the (school projects for example) and always feel lost when I manage to start them. All this stems down to my huge lack of time management procrastinating (playing games watching videos daydreaming.) working at a crawling pace and having no motivation to do anything. How can I sort myself out and get back on track? I am willing to take ANY advice from anyone as I believe different perspectives can help me to see things that I have not seen before. please help me.P.S: Sorry for this long post and thank you for reading it.
mentalhealth, Ive spent the last few years doubting whether or not I have a mental illness. Thered be days that I feel like absolute crap and feel that my world is going to end but then the next day Id feel completely fine and wonder if I was just being lazy. I havent committed any acts of self-harm or had plans of suicide. Ive had thoughts but I doubt them because Ive never acted on them. I feel the only indication is lack of drive and that could be easily attributed to laziness.Yesterday I finally got myself call my universitys mental health center. I thought Id be relieved by doing this but Ive been extremely anxious about it ever since. The receptionist had me schedule a time to do a over-the-phone screening to gauge the severity of my case. I did it today. The screening confirmed that I have symptoms and they set up a date for an in-person evaluation but it felt like I sounded like I was faking it. Ever since the call my brain has been telling me that I dont actually have a mental illness and that Im just faking it to make an excuse for my laziness. I almost want to cancel the appointment and avoid wasting their time. Im terrified of being a failure. If the therapist confirms that nothing is wrong thatd confirm my worst fear for me. The thought of it made me feel physically sick. I guess thats an entire other issue unto itself. There are two conflicting statements that alternate in my head:  A) I should just suck it up. I havent REALLY felt anxious or depressed Im just telling myself that. I havent REALLY tried to be a better person yet.B) I HAVE tried being a better person but its just been a major struggle and I should seek help for it.Ultimately I just feel confused and I dont know how to deal with it.TL;DR Im having doubts as to whether I have a mental illness or if I am just lazy. I dont want to waste the therapists time if Im just lazy
depression, I went to a a support group on Monday its a support group I go to when Im feeling more down than usual and I just didnt get to speak my mind. This group is much smaller than the group I usually go to which is nice because you feel like you actually get a chance to talk. I started off going to large support groups and then found support groups with less people which I preferred. There was one person who took up the majority of the time which I didnt think was cool because theres a whole group of people that want to speak Im sure. They always ask if theres anyone who needs to go first which is nice but I always pass on this. I realize that there were people in crisis and that were dealing with multiple deaths and it was just more appropriate to let those others go first. Although I may not be in crisis a lot I sometimes have several questions to ask the group bringing up multiple topics. I see what happened on Monday happen a lot where someone takes up a handful of time with group directors. Im pretty patient but it can be frustrating to wait an hour and a half to speak with five minutes left before we are scheduled to get out and then have everyone walk out on you. Sometimes I feel like Im just wasting my time. Im a veteran of the group by now I have been going there for a year and I feel like I should have the floor a lot more. A lot of the time what we say we repeat a lot. It can get boring but it can also be very rewarding at times.
depression, Two months ago I had a great job in the capital city. Low effort good money. But I thought it was better than the office bullshit and I could find something better where I wouldn’t have to endure it. On the day I quit the previous night I had a huge fight with a neighbour over noise. It got physical. I decided I can’t live in that apartment anymore. The next day I quit because I wouldn’t go back to that apartment and had no place to stay. Now I am in my home village. Where nothing ever happens where I have no friends and spend all day in an isolated house with my mother. I think about killings myself every day. I can’t sleep right and the meds do not help. I fall asleep around 6am and wake up at 11am. I found a freelance remote gig but the work is unsteady and it’s not a stable source of income. And it doesn’t pay that much in the first place. I know I don’t deserve any sympathy because I am responsible for what I did. I know also that I am going to die here. And I’m beginning to think there isn’t really much difference between that happening today or in 20 years.
socialanxiety, Ive become indecisive and anxious when it comes to attending large social gatherings. I question whether I really need to go. I worry about going to a social event that I didnt really need have to attend and catching COVID. I never used to question what social gatherings to go to. I then worry days after the gathering and monitor closely for any COVID symptoms. Not a very healthy way to live mentally. It seems like most of the general population have moved on. No masks no care about social distancing at large gatherings inside etc. Does anyone have any tips or advice to help me deal with this?
depression, I feel nothing. Literally nothing. For how long will I live like this? Can’t take it anymore.
depression, My partner is struggling with depression and has been pushing me away. We have been together for several years but this is the first major depressive episode he’s had since we met. I want to help any way that I can but we don’t live together. How can I be supportive without making things worse?
depression, Dear redditors   i had/have an esports team and it kinda got ruined by one guy in specific.   he was all the time critisising but wasnt good he blackmailed me by the rest of my esports team. now he made his own esports team and kind of stole my players im really depressed now and im really looking for some help.
depression, I havent felt like anything in months. Im tired.  Im tired of not being able to sleep. Im tired of hating myself. Im tired of sitting on my ass all fucking day because no one wants to hire a high school graduate. Im tired of being alone.  Every friend I had moved away for college while I stayed home because I didnt want to waste thousands of dollars on something that isnt going to help anyway. No one seems to give a shit about me. I thought I was over her but every time I see a picture of her I want to breakdown. I used to be happy I think. I used to have a relationship I valued. I hate that one stupid fucking girl made me feel like everything I have ever told someone was a lie. I hate that she invalidated everything I said. I hate that I feel lied to by everyone around me because of her. Im tired of wishing that I wont wake up. I just want someone who cares. Someone who doesnt care that Im apathetic and depressed. Someone who wants to help. Im tired of crying. I feel like such a waste and that I dont matter to anyone. I try to help other people but how can I when I cant fucking help myself. Im just tired. Playing on reddit at 5 in the morning is what my life has been reduced to and I hate it.  I hate that I have no friends and that Im unemployed and that Im trapped in my own fucking house. I just dont care anymore...
depression, I am tired of acknowledging my symptoms of my various multiple mental health issues. I am also out of delta 8 and sober for 3 days. one of the things that helps me at least feel better for a lil while and forget that im not special Im broken. I am just sad. I have been non-stop social and on the go for these 3 days but its back to being broke and depressed. I still dont know exactly whats wrong with me after 25 years on this earth and eventhough ive made some improvements i am still more financially fucked than ever and its really weighing on me. I try to avoid being suicidal but when I think about my struggles I wish so badly not to be here anymore because I dont think I can handle another 50-ish years of being alive let alone even another few weeks. I feel like I just constantly keep myself on life support cuz Im too worried about what will happen to my loved ones if I succeed in killing myself. I dont feel as if sticking around is worth it but I feel guilty for thinking about leaving. Its been this way for 6 years now.
mentalhealth, I had a job that required 80+ hour weeks and constant calls during normal sleeping hours for the last 3 years. I didnt really realize how bad the stress and lack of sleep got to me until my new job (which is pretty great so far) where Im having difficulty staying engaged and learning. Im burnt out anxious and depressed. Its been about 2 months now. Im frustrated at how I worked so hard to get here just to be unable to appreciate the fruits of my labor. Has anyone else experienced this and gotten back to normal? Any advice for how to get back in a groove?
depression, I am so alone. I have never been more alone. My parents despise me. Whenever we do talk they are only berating me for something I did. My friends have all moved on with their lives and now rarely speak to me. The one person I thought I could trust my boyfriend ignores me and seems to be drifting. I dont even think we are dating anymore. I have literally no one in this world that cares about me. I feel desperate and I dont know what to do. My life has been a series of mistakes. I think it will only get worse. I have no goal or anything that I can work towards. I just want to end it. Im sick of the constant pain. Im sick of the days filled with nothing to do. I have no life right now. I should just end this. Im sick of it.
depression, Im trying to become more productive lately and get lost in a hobby or have passions any ideas? I’m specifically trying to look for creative hobbies and hobbies to grow knowledge plus a hobby to evolve my mindset.
depression, I used to be really close to this friend a year ago but we ended it and now only recently started being friends again and I want to be close to her again. I know that she is not feeling okay but shes the sort of person to say they are fine or not want to talk about it. I think its due to the fact she doesnt want to inconvenience people ? Im not sure. We used to message quite regularly now she takes ages to reply I feel as though maybe she doesnt trust me enough to open up as its only been a week but Im not sure if time will make things better.How can I help her ?
depression, I just don’t care about anything.I used to pretend or at least try to care about life or just fake being ok with it but in reality you can’t escape you can’t just get used to live with depression and attempt to keep going like that.I do not longer care what happens I just want to disappear from this earth and universe.Writing here is way more useful than talking to people that is why I keep doing it.But I just can’t help but dislike every single aspect of this universe. Hell is real and it is called living.
depression, My depression and anxiety are the highest theyve ever been.  Ive just started celexa for the first time.  Ive done some free counselling with community centres but never found any value in it.  Im now actively trying to find a psychologist and it feels like the most impossible task to find someone semi affordable and also with immediate availability.  One psychologist told me that unfortunately a lot of her colleagues take vacation at this time of year.  So frustrated.  I was hoping a few clicks on the internet and a phone call and I would find someone this week.
depression, Friend said that she doesn’t care. Told her look at this reddit account and she doesn’t want to. She said that I don’t care about me and she doesn’t too. I tried to save myself for nothing. I talked about my problems for nothing. What’s the point of life when you’re always alone. You’re parents call you an idiot your siblings make fun of you your friends can’t even hand out a helpful hand. They can’t even try. What’s the point of living when you are a considered a waste of time to everyone else.
depression, So I am mainly making this as a way to vent. Lets start with the basics I am 19 soon to be 20 I am a college student taking courses online with DeVry university and for about... a year now I have been depressed and have kept everything to myself and shut in from the rest of the world. Im sure there are posts like this all the time on this sub so Im sure most of what you will read will be the usual. I wasnt always this way the summer between my junior and senior years of high school is when everything came crashing down. My junior year I was dating pretty much the girl of my dreams and it was great. We were pretty much together or in contact every minute of every day and it was definitely the high point of my life. We were together for about 80% of my junior year and into the summer break. Towards the beginning of my senior year we started kind of losing contact and not hanging out as much (not that I wasnt trying) it went on for months and it led to a lot of fights and arguments. About a week before our senior year started I found out that she had been seeing someone else but couldnt tell me herself because she didnt want to hurt me like that anyhow... everyone but me knew my best friend new and because she was one of the more popular girls just about our entire class knew... but nobody had told me. We broke up after that but that wasnt the worst part. I was sure that I could get over that and move on until she decided to turn everyone against me. all of her friends stopped talking to me and soon after all of my friends (including my best friends) stopped talking to me as well. I went from being in a group of about 9-10 people regularly to being the guy that spends all of his time by himself in the end. All of my senior year was pretty much spent on my own which wasnt the best.Soon after graduation my family and I decided to move (we had been planning on it for a long time but I wanted to finish school at the school I had gone to my whole life) the place we picked is a small town a few hours from the rest of our family. After everything that happened my senior year and being left pretty much alone my self-confidence plummeted and since we moved here about a year ago I havent met or even really tried to meet anyone new. I havent got a job either (have applied but nothing yet) most of my time is spent studying for my classes or browsing Reddit... thats about it other than my hobbies. My hobbies are pretty much the only thing I am holding on to right now that give me hope to be somebody. I am going to college to become a computer programmer my greatest dream is to make games mainly PC but recently I have been working on learning about android development as well my other hobby is writing I LOVE fantasy novels and writing one is another one of my dreams. The only problem with these hobbies is that neither of them seem reachable idk if its my lack of confidence or what but every time I start a project I just cant go through with it. My writing is usually halted after I come to the realization that what are the odds of someone actually liking it.. what if I spend so much time on writing something that I love but nobody else does? I cant get attached to anything I lack the drive and determination to go on with anything. When it comes to programming I believe I have the skills to make at least a somewhat decent game I am still learning but the point where I stop every time is when I reach the part where I need graphics. I just cant draw to save my life. The extent of my art skills is about stick figures and no matter how hard I try anything more just turns out to be complete shit or at least not good enough for my standards. I really dont know where to go with this I just needed to vent. Thanks to anyone who read this it honestly means more than you can imagine that at least one person would take the time out of your day to see what I have to say. That is all I think my venting is done now.
mentalhealth, I haven’t finished it but once it has been edited it could be up to 30 minutes long or longer. The first part is done but I want to watch it for myself. The 2nd part will be me talking about my upbringing. Talking in depth about my home life from start to finish. I need to talk in detail about how I was raised my childhood my teen years my early to mid twenties. As much as I can remember to fully connect with myself. To fully express myself to a therapist. I think it will help and I think finding a therapist willing to take the time to watch listen and take notes will help expedite the process of getting to know me over time through multiple visits. That’s probably arrogant naive or selfish of me. I doubt anyone would go for it. Especially since they make money per visit I assume. But I don’t want to wait to get help. I don’t want to painstakingly struggle 1 or 2 hours a week to get in touch with the feelings and state of mind I need to talk about all of this stuff. When I can make video journals. Expressing myself in a safe and comfortable environment for a proffessional to comfortably watch and absorb the information they need to help me at their own pace. Obviously they’ll still have to literally talk to me and get to know me. But I feel like this would be a good step. What’s prevented me from seeking therapy for years is the getting to know me process. It’s hard to talk and think and express what you need to and want to talk about. It almost feels like in a therapists office you’re put on the spot and clam up.
depression, im slowly getting to my breaking point. ive been up for 25 minutes and have already thought about suicide so much like my life isnt bad i have a wonderful family and a girlfriend even tho i feel like shes slowly starting to lose feelings but i couldnt ask for me. obviously ive tried getting professional help but got turned down for being too young which is kinda dumb. my head is all over the place and i dont know what to do with life anymore i listen to sad songs i relate to and try write sad songs for people to relate to and to be honest its starting to get boring and not help anymore. ive lost interest in everything i once found fun and interesting. my parents dont realise there little boy that was once happy and lively is now sitting in his room contemplating whether today will be his last day or not. once again i dont want any advice or anything i just need to vent.
mentalhealth, In the past 6 months Ive lost several friends my best friend found out my mom has something wrong with her on par with dementia and had to move her into a van no matter how much I advised against it after coming back to the other side of the world to get her out of an abusive relationship. Ive been used and lied to again by my dad I tried to move back overseas home and failed after failing myself and my best friend I had a real fucked up rollercoaster in my marriage over trying to move back home to the US then needed to come back to Australia to essentially avoid killing myself or doing something stupid.... Then my fucking cat died like 2 days before I got back.Ive almost gone to the mental hospital twice over everything mentioned above... But Ive snapped out of it and pulled myself back again and again.Now my dad just called me and told me hes actually about to die... And he actually sounds like it this time. Im most likely going to have to go home to deal with it with no money no job and very few resources.Im all fucked up atm and I think I just need to vent... But if anyone has any advice or helpful experience with dealing with any of this I wouldnt say no. Im so overwhelmed and freaked out right now its not even funny.
depression, You know that feel when after being numb for a few weeks you start feeling and every feeling hit you like a truck and then you are left crying over the littlest things and getting mad at the slightest irks?I am just so overwhelmed with all of this Id rather people thought I was emotionless than them seeing me cry or show weakness. Id rather I dont feel things.Also everytime I post it takes so much out of me. I am scared that some people will take things negatively and out of context and I will have to stop. Its so nerve-wracking.
depression, Life is so fucking boring. So uninteresting. No I dont care about what my death will do to others theyll forget in like 1 or 2 years. I have one real friend thatll get over it and sure sometimes I enjoy spending time with him but thats like 30 minutes a week. I fucking hate school so fucking boring fucking hate talking to people so fucking stupid fucking hate being alive. No one fucking likes me either fuck. I feel so fucking alone so fucking chilly. Fuck went the whole day without talking to fucking anyone. I really cant think of a reason to stay alive. FUCK. I wont kill myself yet not now anyway. Trust me if I could bring myself to do it I would. When I stood in front on the rope Id hung perfectly from the ceiling with my neck in the noose Id remembered all the research I did how hanging yourself would be the most painful way to die. I dont want that. But I dont want to live either. Cant think of a fucking reason to live. Hopefully Ill kill myself this year or maybe this week would be fucking great. Maybe alcohol overdose would be a better way to go? I dont know. Holidays are nearly over and I dont think I can handle another weeks of a fucking boring as fucking teacher talking about shit I dont care about. I used to fucking want to grow up and be something. But now I just want to fucking die.
depression, My sister and her boyfriend stayed at my parents house (I still live with them) the past few days and just left today. Theyve been together for about two years and for some reason my mom decided to tell my sister she didnt think her boyfriend was right for her right before they left for the airport. I didnt hear it myself but they argued after that. Then my sister and her boyfriend found out their flight was cancelled and had to come back since their new flight was hours later. The argument my sister and mom had came up when I went to talk to them later on.I had a strong feeling that my mom didnt take my depression seriously and thought that it could just be fixed immediately and it was confirmed during this conversation. Apparently shes been telling my sister that she doesnt think I actually have a problem and dont need therapy despite her knowing Ive had depression for years am on antidepressants and am seeing a psychologist and a psychiatrist. She also has been pushing both me and my sister to produce grandchildren for her and we cant just say that we both dont think its a good idea for us to reproduce. Weve both been to therapy and wouldnt want our mental health problems to be passed on especially with the prevalence of mental illness in our extended family. My grandmother was a hoarder and I know at least one of her seven children is on antidepressants. My mom has even expressed feelings of depression and both my sister and I think she should be in therapy.Ive pretty much given up on my mom. Weve told her that she should talk to someone but she never does and I dont think she ever will. She blames everything on everyone else thinks everyone is out to get her and is always trying to make everything about herself. Shes 51 years old and acts like a child. She always does the things she wants and never considers what others want. Ive told her multiple times not to touch me and she still does it supposedly without thinking. If I end up adopting any kids in the future I dont want her around them unless she decides to grow up and get help. Until then she can go fuck herself.
depression, I feel like shit. I hove no confidence no self esteem and I just feel alone. I feel like I cant control anything. Its like Im falling and I cant stop. I just need someone to talk to.
depression, I’m currently unemployed for the summer as I saved up enough money to get by but after this I will head back to a 9-5. I’ve job hopped a few times and I do have post secondary education but I hate every job I get. Im miserable and feel extremely suicidal. I’ve felt this way for years. I’m currently 23 and I hate the idea of spending the rest of my life doing something I don’t want to do for 8 hours a day 5 days a week. I know it’s necessary and I usually get hit the the “typical spoiled millennial” comments but I don’t understand how others don’t think this way as well. I’m sure some people do enjoy what they’re doing for a living. They probably don’t want to go in 5 days a week but I’m sure they’re happy to go in most of the time. But the majority of the people I know dread going into work the next day. I don’t understand the point in living if all we do is drain ourselves doing things we hate until we die anyways.
depression, I wrote this a while ago based on the feelings I used to have a couple of years ago for a friend who currently feels this. I figured you guys might appreciate it.-------------------I am like youI stand on my legsAnd I think and breatheAnd aspire to do great thingsI want to experience the worldAnd leave an impact on peopleI want to create artStir up strong feelings in peopleI want to love and be lovedI want to want and be wantedI want to be free unchainedFrom time and space itself___________I want all these thingsBut we are not the sameA demon sits on my bodyIt weighs me downAnchors me to my bedRestricts my movement and thoughtMy chest becomes heavyMy lungs fill with waterMy throat tightly constrictsI am drowning in airI am helpless to do anythingPeople watch but do not helpFor you can’t lose breath on landOr so they say____________________________I am an alienI am an outsiderI am not like youI am flawed and uselessI am unwanted I am unwantable That is what the demon tells meAs it pushes me further and furtherInto the velvet voidIt violently restrains me And kicks my backAnd bashes my chestAnd slashes at meDeep gashes and cutsIt destroys me from the outsideAnd rots away the inside The waste leaks out my bodyI cry because of itI sweat because of itI bleed for it__________________________I am a deserving victimIt must have been because of meI am not like youYou are right I am wrongDemons have purposesThe devil punishes only sinnersWhat is the purpose of fightingWhat is the point in denyingThe undeniable truth that I am obviously being punishedFor a punishable offenceI must have done somethingEverything happens for a reason I must have done something __________________I want to be somethingI want to be freeOf suffering and of painOf sin and of guiltTo be like you would be The greatest gift I could ask for
depression, I know I’m miserable. I break down crying for no reason. I know I shouldn’t be unhappy there’s nothing wrong with my life. However I still am and it feels like my life is crumbling beneath me. I feel so pathetic as I watch my life go to shit and all I think is “I’m just so tired so tired of this” So question is what the hell is the point of this? We live we die we follow the path that everyone has before. Nothing’s going to change and my life won’t matter in the end anyway so why the hell do any of us bother staying? It’d be so much easier just to fall over and die. You wouldn’t have to deal with the ruthless cycle of life that everyone gets caught in. It’s like an evil spider web of social norms: everyone goes through school gets a job retires and then dies. We live for comfort and social acceptance and never consider the fact that maybe just maybe it’d be better if you just said to hell with it all and lived in a cave in the mountains. Maybe you’ll get eaten by a wolf but hey who cares anyways? You’ll die eventually and nobody gives a shit. Maybe your friends and family will remember you but they’ll eventually die as well and anything that you worked towards all that effort it’s just a speck of dust in the river of time. So... what’s the point? Why do we go through all this trouble to live when there’ll be no point to it anyways?
depression, Ive been dealing with depression since 7th grade. Im now about to start my senior year in college. For the most part I could deal with it especially once I left my home for college. I was able to see a counselor at the end of this school year (provide through my university) and they wanted to start me on an antidepressant however it was too late in the school year. I had hoped to wait it out until I got back to school but thats not looking good right now. The problem is my parents. We found out this past year that my mother was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. My home life has never been easy but its gotten so much harder as my mother tries to rely on me to take care of her (Im going to school for psychology) however she also turns and says horrible things to me. At this point Im so overwhelmed with my own life and lack of friends my mom leaning on me the eating disorder Ive always struggles with and my fear that my issues will prevent me from my dream life (childhood psychologist) that I know I need help but I cant get it. Even if my parents would let me we have no health insurance. I dont know what to do. Its getting worse and its freaking me out
mentalhealth, Panic attacks are like swimming in a riptide
depression, Depression sufferers: Do you have any tips on how youd like your non-depressed partner to interact with you on the day to day when you withdraw? What can they do to help/reassure you that they are there for you without coming across as annoying?
depression, People my age should be out living life and making memories but here I am feeling like shit in my room alone. Every fucking week its the same shit. I just exist I dont live.
depression, I am ashamed of myself and it takes out so much from me. It so exhausting. I want to get better but I feel like I’ve missed out on so much and I feel like I’m such a failure. The reason I feel  so guilty is because nothing too terrible or traumatic has happened to me. I feel so guilty for not being okay for no reason. I feel so stuck not being able to explain why I feel like this. Its been years since I’ve been living with this heavy and guilty feeling. Its so hard to move when I feel this way. How can I stop feeling this way so it feels easier to just keep moving forward?Its so shameful for me to be having a hard time when people see that I’m okay. Its a struggle getting out of bed when it shouldn’t be. Its a struggle keeping clean when it shouldn’t be. Its a struggle eating well when it shouldn’t be. I should be okay and I should be doing well is what everyone tells me. And I am so ashamed and guilty because I shouldn’t be like this.
depression, Friends. I never really get to show them how I feel when they just involve me in there great random things. They are the only ones that keep me going. My family is ruined and isnt getting any better and the 2 other people in it dont care what happens.  I want to run away.. Ive decided thats how Im going to get out of here. The thing stopping me? Friends of course. I could never hurt my friends like that. I cant hurt someone who never did anything to hurt me. I just cant do it. I dont want to have to hear about my friend hearing out me disappearing and breaking down into tears. I couldnt hurt my friends they are the ones who bring out the best in me. My family is too toxic and its impossible to deal with it.
depression, yesterday ive finished a really big project ive been working on for a year or something really something to be proud of you know...i couldnt care less i just feel kinda hollow now.just move on to the next thing i guess...now that i think of it i dont get that whole sense of accomplishment people talk about.like when youre done with school after a couple of years with good grades you just feel burned out and empty.well lets keep the cycle going i guess.oh btw fuck all those filthy cunts that try to make every step of the way harder. its a bloody shame that id get kicked of uni if i said it in their faces but a man can dream...
depression, Recently Ive been thinking about how I want to die.Since I pretty much hate my life so far I want my death to my comforting. My plan is after my senior graduation I will drive myself out somewhere to a place no one goes early in the morning with my phone a canvas board art supplies a blanket my favorite snacks and paper. On the paper will be my life story my every thought and everything that led me up to this point so that if anyone finds my body theyd understand why.Ill find a bench some place to sit and start painting the setting around me listening to calming music such as lo fi etc. Maybe I would text my friend for a bit maybe Id confess my love for her and hope shell live a happy life with her crush or find someone else who could love her and make her happy. I hinted at confessing to her before but she didnt show any sense of interest.If it gets chilly because of the morning air Id snuggle my blanket. For while Ill just sit there taking in the smell of the morning breeze the feeling of nature and the chirping of the birds around be as I look out to the sky. When I feel ready finish typing my goodbyes to a friend Ill overdose on sleeping pills. I will be lulled away into my dreams by the soft sound of music the chirping of birds the warmth of the blanket looking at my incomplete painting in pride and by the soft embrace of the sleeping pills. In the comfort of my dreams I will die. In my sweater pocket will be my will and life story. Then for once in my life will I truly feel happy and free. From everything. From everyone.I will die having no regrets. I never had any ambitions or goals in life anyways.
mentalhealth, TW: mentions of s**c1demy friend posts a lot about their depression on their private story. i know their parents arent the best for them and when he asked for a therapist they hired a social worker like someone who administers food stamps. they do most of the planning in their household so they werent super surprised their parents couldnt get organized to do this. the other day they reposted a tiktok where the audio was obama saying now that were doing with that wanna see my renegade and the text for the video is me after telling my friends ive been struggling w/ s**c1de. i didnt say anything at the time bc i didnt know how to deal w it but i rlly want to make sure theyre ok. (i think theyve also been struggling w/ their gender identity)**how should i approach them?** i dont have any experience w/ this and i dont want to make them upset or say the wrong thing.
depression, Man Im sick of avoiding talking about what a failure I am/feel like.  I dont want to put on a happy face I dont want to adopt a positive attitude I dont want to avoid freaking my wife out I dont want a pep talk.  I just want to fucking be honest about how I feel like a complete and abject failure.
depression, I never finished school. (Only a “Haupschulabschluss” german people know what I’m talking about) My depression  even after changing schools kept me from attending so I couldn’t even be rated. Because the attempt to repeat the school year failed due to the pandemic and anxiety I am now just existing and worrying about my future.  At the age of seventeen (18 in summer) I sure would have time to still study in any kind. But planning on moving out my toxic household at the end of 2022 the need for money is urgend. I’d very much appreciate to know about your own experience or even some tips and ideas.
depression, it’s saddening to see so many ppl feeling the same way i do. i find myself so empty and lifeless i want to keep working on myself and work thru traumas try to get up everyday but i wonder what i’m even doing anymore. like it’s so hard to hold on to living. i’ve attempted several times and failed and here i am planning my next all the time the thoughts won’t stop. im trying to take it day to day tho looking too far ahead makes me anxious but not thinking about it makes me anxious. looking into the past reopens shit but i need to in order to be better but idk what i’m doing really i wonder if i’m actually improving or getting worse. i feel so detached or i feel everything and it hits in waves and idk if being dissociated all the time is better or feeling all these waves of emotion idk if i can trust my own decisions i feel so unsure
mentalhealth, Idk the titles not the best but I have no idea who I am. I don’t know what else to say. I just have no sense of self. I feel like all I’m doing is going through the motions and mirroring the people I know. Guess I just wanted to have a mini vent about it. Or see if anyone feels the same.
depression, i have no one im so alone sat by myself all Halloween night
depression, I enjoy a good movie or a good book.I like a Cappuccino every morning.I love my family dearly..Im 21 short and quickly balding socially awkward college dropout.Id be lying if I said I saw a reason to continue living.&amp;#x200B;Beyond me and whats immediately affecting me; there just seems like theres so much wrong in the world.Kids get bone cancer you can go to the doctors with a headache and be diagnosed with a Glioblastoma and have months to live.We have adverts for addictions as plain as day we have to work to live.. we give up the majority and the best years of our life because thats just how it is.Weve got idiots in power were celebrating narcissism.Music has gone to shit weve gone from Don McLean - to a mirage of shit..&amp;#x200B;Now for me -  Ive wasted 2 years in college - Worst two years of my life by a long shot.Ive recently dropped out I dont want to go back but where does that leave me?Ive lost all interest in going out to pubs and clubs.. I just dont enjoy it.I dont enjoy much if Im being honest but I get up and go about my unproductive day just like every other day.I keep looking for something to do some reason.I could be an Air Traffic Control! - No college great money stressful.. busy job.I wanted to be a surgeon in my early years 13 year old me thought I could just spend my whole life working towards becoming a surgeon.. years focused at school then college then Med school.As a surgeon I could just ignore everything else and Ive have justification respect money and a will to live.No better reason to be busy elsewhere than to save a life - Neurosurgeon.. Id have a loving wife.. Id have the respect of my peers Id have a successful career prestige and I could just ignore everything else...&amp;#x200B;I dont enjoy the music everyone else does I dont enjoy college like everyone else seeming does.I dont care for going out like everyone else does.. I dont have a girl.. Im not even talking to one.I was as a teen never in a relationship but always on and off. She was stupidly pretty and she asked me first at a teenage disco.I fucked up I didnt ask I didnt make the effort but we were always on and off I was going to become a surgeon she was going into banking. Smartest girl Ive ever met and she marvelled at me for some reason Write me a song because she liked the music I cared about. She came to me for advice like I had a fucking clue.She went to a great school worked her ass off and got to where she wants to be. I didnt I went to college miserable was gaslighted and mentally bullied by my friends I dropped out and failed I never went to med school and she moved across the country - quite happy without even thinking of me.&amp;#x200B;I have failed at every step an IQ north of 130 just means I have never worked a day in my life - Ive floated through or bailed when it got tough.Ive been to doctors about my mental health and just talked around the issues.I floated into college I never worked.. nothing ever worked for me.Ive never met a group Ive really connected with maybe the girl but never enough people to call my friends Im always the weird one even in the weirdest groups because I always seem to be in the wrong place.I genuinely dont know why I should continue Ive wasted my parents time money and efforts.I just feel like theres something so deeply wrong with me..What hope do I have when I can see nothing but whats wrong I cant make a decision let alone the right one I fuck up every chance I have for the few I get I push people away or get stabbed by the ones I let in.I cant even talk to a professional the doctor I have no gave me my vaccinations as a baby hes got bowel cancer now.. I couldnt even tell him anything beyond I just feel so angry so much of the time.. hes someone I aspire to be like and now hes got cancer.My dad - another great man had cancer my exam year of school I didnt tell a soul I genuinely dont think it affected me..Seeing him in ICU after his operation wasnt nice but I came out with good results irregardless - none of it registered..&amp;#x200B;Im really struggling..I watched the first make your bed speech.. I was making my bed every morning before that.Take the biggest burden you can and bear and bearing it - I wouldnt know where to start so I started by getting out of bed I get up I have my cappuccino every morning - Should I kill myself or have a cup of coffee.If youre going through hell keep goingIve grown out of the crappy inspirational posts and videos but I still turn to quotes from the past not just something Rocky said in a film - its very easy to feel hyped up for a while but what good is that unless you only need the hype for awhile?&amp;#x200B;Ive been getting chronic headaches for the past 4 months theyre never gone sometimes are worse than others.Ive been on Amitriptyline Solpadol Tramadol.. nothing works I was on 25mg of Amitriptyline and I just slept for 20 hours a day.&amp;#x200B;I enjoy split seconds I dont even enjoy getting drunk anymore it just leads to a severe headache while Im drunk or just a feeling of well youre only doing this because life is so bad that you want to escape - Ive drank enough during college to throw up pink tinged everything cup fulls.. I go months without drinking and Im either near sober or I dont remember anything.&amp;#x200B;Im not even eating rightly now I have coffee I have cereal.. I go most days without dinner or breakfast.&amp;#x200B;I just dont see any point - doing it for those around me isnt enough Im tired of torturing myself to appease people.Im more work than Im worth.&amp;#x200B;Nobody really listens..I remember in music all my choices were indications.Silver and Gold - City and ColourSleeping Sickness - City and ColourHeart of Gold - Neil YoungI Will Follow You Into The Dark - Death Cab For CutieFire and Rain - James Taylor.&amp;#x200B;Okay Im going to end my post with this.Why bother?Whats the point if there is no point?It could just be all over or you could continue - and if you dont enjoy any of it despite trying to.. why bother?
depression, In February of 2018 my girlfriend passed away due to brain cancer she had been diagnosed in June of 2016 and things were starting to look up she was getting better (if you can say that) and then it got a whole lot worse and it ended up taking her life. I could barely breath after I found out and I fell into a rut where I was flunking all of my classes and only passes by the good graces of my instructors. I couldnt sleep staying awake until I basically collapsed I could barely eat without throwing up and as a result of all of this I ended up with a really shitty attitude towards everyone and everything. After a month of grieving I decided to cut my waist-length hair down to nothing and I thought I felt a bit better. It has now been over a year and I make awful jokes about it when I bother to talk to people and Ive tried coping by trying to date other people but it just doesnt feel right. When I start to get close to someone I start to feel nauseous and like Im cheating on my deceased SO. Ive started pushing people away again sometimes Ill be in the middle of a conversation and just stop talking and walk away and spending most of my time either on my laptop working or sleeping. Lately Ive found myself crying in bed unable to sleep and then throwing up most nights. I feel like Im drowning and I want to be put down like a sick dog. I wont talk to anyone about this and nobody is really trying to talk to me since I pushed all of them away. I just dont know who to talk to and what to do with myself. I cant breathe.
mentalhealth, Im just on 7th sky rn
depression, Lately Ive been grouchy to everyone my wife has noticed and I apologize. My friends have said what happened to college Gary. Im always on the verge of crying. I have a lot to be happy for I have a good job Im married to my best friend I live in an area I want to be. I can keep the list going everyone just tells me to focus on the positive and I will get past the bad mood. The thing is I try really hard to be happy i just fake it when Im around people. But should I have to try this hard to be happy? Its not fair. I got married July 13 2014 and that was such a great day I love my wife. Since I have been married Im always apologizing for being a bad husband. My wife always asks why Im apologizing and I just respond  I feel like I have to she assures me Im great and do a lot for her but its never enough to me2015 was a year of pain both physically and emotionally I broke my back and after a lot of hard work and tears Im walking now again but now have chronic pain every day. I had to resign from the job I was injured at cause I couldnt physically do it I found a new job and was fired for that they didnt tell me why other than its not working out now with a new job everyone is really nice and supportive and say Im doing great. I am seeing a counselor and taking celexa I feel like Im being proactive trying to be happy but here I am. Thanks for letting me vent
depression, All of my creativity wasted. I feel like I’ve hit a dead end. My insecurity controls me. My family is not really a family at all. My dad doesn’t care and is consistently distant. My mom works hard but is stepped all over. I feel like I can make a difference but I’m trapped within my brittle mind. I constantly doubt myself. I reinvent myself over and over losing a piece of authenticity behind each time. I hope that this will all one day be over.
depression, As much as I love my boyfriend with all my heart I cant do it anymore. Ive been so stressed out lately and its bad enough my family isnt there for me and I have no friends but to me its like he doesnt want to be there either and it hurts the most that he isnt because thats the one person you expected to be there for you when no one else would. But I guess hes made it pretty clear that himself and his happiness is more important to him than I am... I dont want to end it because there are happy times but I also think its for the best
mentalhealth, When I was a kid all I wanted to do was grow up. Have my own apartment make my own money and have my own life. I’m now 25 and doing all of these things and it’s the worst feeling in the world. I just miss being a kid so much. I feel so stuck in this space that’s now my life of making money to get by. To pay bills. I didn’t have the anxieties that I have now I think about my parents growing older and all the regrets I have all the time. Time just goes and goes and goes and there’s no way to stop it or go back. It’s the worst feeling in the world.
depression, I am new to this forum so I would just like to give anyone who is reading this a short background on myself. I am a 34 year-old married female physician with two small boys ages 4 and 2. I was fired from my job approximately 4 months ago (my husband is unemployed) and weve been doing everything we possibly can to make mends meet. I have been offered a position in the midwest but that job doesnt start until at least the middle of April. To complicate matters my mother (who has many significant mental health problems) lives with us after she lost her drivers license. I have fel t depression before. I knew it well enough and even asked to be put on lexapro a white ago. I as up to 30 mg per day for about 3 months and I noticed no change. And so I stopped taking it. May family no longer has health insurance. I am not worried about my self of my husband but if something ever happened to one of my children I would never be able to forgive myself. Hopefully they can make it until April or May. I know this seems extremely selfish but we really could not afford coverage for them. It would be almost $3000 a month for the two of them. Again my husband has been unemployed for the past four years or so so he has no income to contribute. I always felt that things would be ok and would work themselves outbut I am really starting to lose hope. I am looking at all of my friends and contemporaries who have houses and cars and take nice vacations and it seems as of we struggle with everything. i cant even remember the last time we went on a vacation. Our finances )or lack there of) dictate our lives. And now we fight. All of the time in front of my children and I dont know how to stop. Over the past few weeks I have become more despondent and definitely less hopeful. I think the easiest way to end me life would be a take a hand full of antidepressants and a ton of ativan? I ideas? I really cant take this anymore
depression, As the title says. Just curious if anyone else has finally found themselves something that works.:) Best of luck to all of us. Fuck depression.
depression, Hey everyone so I really hope this doesnt break any rules (Im not entirely sure it doesnt) but I think Ill share it anyway. So anyway a couple years back when I first started feeling this way ya know dread 24/7 suicidal thoughts etc... I did my best to shut off all emotion. For a pretty long time I couldnt feel anything except pain but that was at a minimal. Then I wound up in a situation where that didnt work anymore I had to be able to feel and taught myself how to again unfortunately with this the pain came back full force so I created different partitions in my mind. For those of you who know about hard drives you know what Im talking about for those who dont a partition (in terms of computers) is like taking 1 Hard drive and dividing it into 2 pieces (or more). So now I have my brain divided into two very literal parts running different operating systems (OS). Theres a Dark OS and a light OS. Most days Im able to stick to the light OS Im able to push through but the dark OS is always running in the background. However its the days when I lose control and I run the Dark OS against my will that I cant stand which is the bug in my system. I dont really know what the point of this was except to get it off of my chest. It was kind of ranty so ill sum it all up Ive effectively turned my brain into a dual boot computer running my depression and what would be considered normal most days I can control which OS Im running other days I cant and I only feel the pain. Feel free to ask questions I probably didnt do a very good job with explaining and feel free to post how you handle depression theres no such thing as ridiculous or stupid ways just remember if it looks stupid and it works than it isnt stupid
depression, Everything crashed down on me at once. I feel so trapped and Im so overwhelmed. I feel like Im dying. I wish I was. My head is screaming and I cant stand the noise. I just want some quiet. I just want it to stop.
depression, Ive done nothing in life worth mentioning. Life just gets worse and worse.
depression, Suicidal ideation.  Its back for another visit.Ive been doing so well Ive been working hard supporting myself exercising eating well.  I even meditated before bed and got decent sleep the last two nights.  But here we are finding out the expensive fresh fruit I bought has spoiled in the fridge just after finding out that a ton of work I did for my job this past week will get completely erased and have to be redone next week for reasons I think are total crap.  UGGGHHH FUUUUUCKKMy mind immediately goes to all the negative thoughts it loves to shout at me.  You fucking idiot youre wasting precious food special food.  Youre wasting money.  You hate your job you are wasting your time at your job your company is a fucking mess.  You arent good enough to get a better job you have no other way of supporting yourself you wont save enough for retirement youll be stuck working at rage inducing crap holes until you keel over or pull the plug yourself.  So just fucking do it already stop lying to yourself that you have control that you have the work ethic and the skills stop deluding yourself into thinking there is anything great up ahead.  Cut the shit and just call it quits.  FUCK
mentalhealth, Ive started my second year of uni in the Netherlands which is not my home country I come from Finland. I study psychology (how ironic) at a particular uni that focuses a lot on group projects and discussions. Im quite dissatisfied with the teaching and the professors who seem often incompetent. After a year of living here Ive come to realize that I absolutely dislike the city since its very modern and big compared to my home town which was more in a rural area. I dont really like the atmosphere in my uni either. People party and are very extraverted when Im highly introverted. I havent found any friends I can relate to or who could give me mental support. Im living with two other students but their presence does not make my loneliness go away. I feel isolated and everything feels strange and scary. I would like to live somewhere more peaceful. Ive contacted a student counselor already. But at the moment I dont know how well I can cope with the next semester coming. Last year was horrible because of online teaching and covid. I was living alone in a small flat not seeing anyone. My depression since then has gotten worse. Also my boyfriend lives in another country and we get to see each other every 2 months at the latest. I just wish I had good friends here at least...but I cant find any.
depression, i should feel better than i do nowive got over a video game addiction lost tons of weight got over my soft alcohol addiction got a bunch of the  would do everything for me  friends got 50+ people i can hang out with regulalary and get along with  and im known to be the person that is always ina great mood a good listener but a good person to party with aswellseriously i know so many people who are so damn fucking jealous but i do just feel like shit all the time when im not super-busyidk if this is depression but feeling like a peace of shit all day sucks. a lot.idk. its just so damn weird
depression, Its kind of sad I have to resort to reddit to talk about these sort of things but no one knows who I am here and I feel if I ever speak to any of my close people about it Im scared theyd think Im attention seeking.I have no idea why I started again but its A LOT worse than before; I thought I conquered it.I do it for the relief it feels like a cigarette. I do it because I feel like I deserve it; I feel that Im a constant inconvenience and I cant talk to people unless Im annoying them or in the way. I am the problem. I hate my home not because of my parents I suppose but the general environment depresses me; I spend most of my time outside drawing/walking rather than staying in. My appetite has reduced a lot. Ive been with my boyfriend for a year and a half... and he hasnt even noticed my thighs+legs. Im relieved about this but Im starting to move my up and I dont want him finding out. (Surprised he hasnt tbh)Dont be like Oh go to counselling. That doesnt help itd make me feel worse and as said I struggle talking to people about things. It took a lot to even write this ffs.So can someone just please talk to me about it whos in the same situation or just general advise.
depression, Every single fucking day is the same. I just want to go to bed and never wake up. I’m just sick of waking up. Why do I have to keep waking up? I just want to be at peace.
depression, I just have no idea what direction my life is going in I disappoint everyone who cares about me because I cant do anything right anymore. Ive been depressed for ages but Ive always been able to handle it up until these last 6 months everythings fallen apart and I dont know how to put it back together. I should be studying right now I dont feel like it. Anyway happy Tuesday.
mentalhealth, Im beyond terrible with social situations in general but around my family Im particularly depressed because I feel like I have to fake smiles and all that being around them. This is just an example out of many: Today we were having a family reunion and everyone was having a good time and all but at some point the people got too many and the noise too loud for me to bear. I felt overwlemed and I couldnt stand it anymore so I stormed off all pissed off and feeling like crying. Im feeling particularly bad about this one because my mother who I didnt see for 3 years came to see me in the reunion and I barely spent time with her so shell overthink and think that I dont want to spend time with her.
depression, I have a very hard time finding healthy food to eat especially with my sensory issues with food. Any low effort food that is still relatively healthy but wont make me gag every time I eat. I struggle to eat anything with too much stuff going on but also hate bland food.Foods that textures bug me: Oatmeal Boil/Blanched Veggies Peanut butter Jelly Mashed Potatoes Baked Potatoes Applesauce Most things with too many textures.Foods I love: Mac and Cheese (usually with some seasoning) White Rice Noodles (spaghetti ramen udon etc.) Sandwich meat String cheese Mochi.&amp;#x200B;Cereal Craft Mac and Ramen are my go to low effort foods and they honestly arent the healthiest. Any recommendations for low effort and low sensory foods?
depression, This is going to be short because i cant bother to type out my life story right now.  I was never diagnosed with depression ive never mustered up the courage to say anything or ask my parents to see someone about it.  Im in my 2nd year of college right now. I came here for the nursing program i managed to make it through my first semester but failed my 2nd semester. I spent this semester taking gen-ed courses and such while waiting for my application to go through to get back in i still dont know if im getting in or not.  I have so much trouble getting myself to do anything good for me.  I dont study i wait until the last minute to do work. I hate myself the more i procrastinate but its so hard to do anything at all.  I keep hating myself and hating myself but i never change anything about my behavior.  I dont accomplish anything because i hate myself and i hate myself because not once in my life have i ever done anything of value.  I dont care about the whys i just want to turn my life around.
mentalhealth, I’m just not feeling alright I can’t open up to my family at all so I’m bottling it all up it’s just getting worse and worse every day. I feel like a shit person when I don’t pick up the phone to my friends. I’m just trying to find away to stop hurting my self
depression, I have given up. I don’t know what to do anymore. Im crying in bed rn such a mess
depression, Im not going to go through all the things that Ive done as if Im confessing my sins but Im a terrible shitty person. Ive tried my best to be a good person and Ive failed many many many times.In the end Im a 23 year old male who has no job lives with his parents is shitty and honestly I have to die.I just cant see any other way.
depression, Its time. I need to stop laying. My father choked me because idk. But he did and he is a horrible person for that. Maybe its my fault and I am horrible too but I need to say this. MY FATHER IS AWFUL. Maybe I am either but he is as well. My mom verbally abused me for months at the most depressed and suicidal point in my life without any remorse. I know its my fault but she is awful too. I abused you too tho. You were abusive to me and I made you feel like a worthless piece of shit. Once I know it wont happen again I will apologize. The kid who sexually assaulted my fuck you. I hate you too. The guy I bullied because of trauma during elementary school I wish you didnt drop out so you could learn English and read this but I am sorry. I am so fucking sorry. I am a narcissistic piece of shit. I need to acknowledge that too.
depression, And honesty its all I deserve. I wish I had the balls to kill myself.
depression, Im a 15 year old male from Minnesota.  I believe I have posted here before a while ago... I have no friends that actually care for me.  Im in a relationship Im not really happy with any more.  Im used almost every day.  I have been clinically depressed (i hate those words) for 4 years now.  Im known as some fucking weirdo emo faggot to almost everyone at my school and I see my two or three good out of school friends maybe once a month if Im lucky.  The girl I am with is difficult at times and wants me to be happy therefore she tells herself I am although Im not.  She seems to always tell me the same things over and over and over again whenever I tell her there is something going on.  I dont feel the same way about her any more but god fucking dammit I wish I did.  I wish I was in love with her again.  Shes the only person I have.  I havent cut myself in a month or so and thats going to change very very soon.  Im not happy with anything in my life.  Instead of going out with friends and having fun and doing things with people on weekends I sit alone in my room with the door closed and the lights off.  I havent been to a friends house in god knows how long.  At school I almost dont say a word.  I sit in silence in each class and do nothing.  Im not motivated to get any of my schoolwork done therefore my GPA is low as shit and my parents are disappointed because my brother has a nearly perfect GPA.  He also has lots of friends that he does things with literally every day.  And a happy relationship.  And a really nice car.  And hobbies.  Hes going to a super fancy nice college.  I know I never will.  He has so many plans with all of his friends (he has many many friends) this summer and I have literally nothing planned.  At all.  Ever.  I know my parents think its weird and I know Im a disappointment.  My brother is having a huge graduation party with tons of friends and acquaintances coming.  My mom was talking to someone about it and she said OPs Brothers party will be big but I know OPs party wont be big because he doesnt really know any one or have lots of friends.  So I know they think its weird.  They always want me to join a sport or something school related because they say it might help you make friends no it fucking wont.  They just dont want me sitting around doing nothing in their house any more.  I live with my mom and step dad most of the time and my dad lives 2 hours away.  My dad is the only one that seems to take my feelings and anything seriously.  My dad doesnt think its weird that I have no friends he thinks its alarming.  He doesnt think my sadness is just a phase he KNOWS its an issue and something needs to be done about it before he loses me.  But no matter what he tells my mom or stepdad (the ones in charge of counseling) nothing changes.  I want to kill myself.  I do.  One of my only friends just hung himself not too long ago.  After that happened I told myself I wouldnt want to kill myself because it would affect people.  But then I remembered that no one really gives a shit about me.  I honestly wish I were the one in that horrifying box getting buried.  I wish.  Id give literally anything to have him back.  Everyone thinks I am weird and not significant.  Theyre right.  I weigh 115 pounds and I still view myself as a fat fuck.  I have no self confidence at all literally none.  I tell myself every day that I am worthless at least 20 times a day without even trying.  It just happens.  I have accepted the fact that I am a fucking loser and I suck.  I have accepted the fact that no one wants me.  I have accepted the fact that Im a fucking idiot.  I try so hard to make people think Im alright.  I act really fucking differently around my family because I want them to think Im fine.  My thoughts are always all over the place and I hate it.  My mom and stepdad wont let me take any antidepressants ever no fucking way Im fine I cant be on those bullshit medications etc etc etc.  But my dad WANTS me to be on them because again he is the only person that is actually aware of anything.  My stepdad tells me to my face that counseling is bullshit.  My mom doesnt take it seriously at all.  I always kept one of my razors in my phone case if I needed it but I have this stupid new phone with a clear case so now I cant carry it around and I hate that because I have needed it a lot recently.  I hate my body and my hair and everything.  I hate me.  Im a negative person and I act fake around everyone because if I was the person I truly am people would start pretending to care.  I dont want people to pretend they care.  If you are one of the very few people who actually DO care great.  If you are one of the 6 billion 999 million 999 thousand 998 other people on earth who dont give a shit about me at all then stay that way.  Dont act like you care because I know you dont.  Thats the case with almost anyone I used to consider a friend.  They say they care.  Then I find out Im actually an annoyance and they dont care.  That has happened more times than I can count... I never have anything to do ever.  I get bored.  So then I start over thinking.  Then I take it out on myself.  School ends in 4 days.  Summer is coming.  Summer scares the shit out of me.  3 months of doing nothing with no one.  Greeeeaaaat.  I hate summer.  I hate winter.  I hate fall.  I hate spring.  I hate me.  I hate life.  I hate school.  I hate where I live.  I hate a lot of things.  I cant take it any more.  Thank you for reading and pretending you care.  I have been through a lot and things keep happening.  Oh well.  Its what Im used to now.
depression, Ive had trouble sleeping since I can remember my mom says that even before I could remember. I turned to alcohol at 18 and finally started sleeping but obviously this became a problem when I turned into an alcoholic. I am two years sober after 15 years of alcoholism from 2-4 liters of liquor (vodka whiskey) a day to detox and no drinks.I went to a psychiatrist who said I was severely depressed I never felt like I was but I said Id listen to him because I had been losing motivation to progress in life and drinking more than before. Ended up getting into AA and quitting for a few weeks at a time until I couldnt take the misery of the crashes Id get at the end of the day Id start drinking on and off again. He gave me such a high dose of two antidepressants that I end up with serotonin syndrome and swore off antidepressants. I was convinced that I was wrongly diagnosed. I went to another doctor last week for a checkup and asked him why Im so fucking exhausted and unable to sleep no matter what I do I was lifting for a while until I just couldnt even rack the weights anymore zero energy barely able to escape from bed and couch. He had just seen my blood work results and said that aside from slightly elevated cholesterol I was perfectly healthy. He said thats just the depression my friend. I have lost ten pounds in two weeks I started at 165 currently 130 the alcohol calories were about 4k a day and I never ate much still dont.I lay wide awake after an hour of sleep just like right now at 4 am and I am drowning in guilt. I have never lived up to my potential Ive never been the man my daughter and wife need in their lives they didnt sign up for this shit.Last night the guilt turned into something ugly I convinced myself that I should find a guy to fuck my wife because I have absolutely no sex drive and shes always had a high sex drive we were crazy for years until this hit me hard. I still believe that I should but I cant I dont even think I should tell her that I thought about it shell worry about me more.Im a 40 year old man who stays awake crying every fucking night Im dysfunctional I hide a lot of things from my family Im failing miserably at work. I keep trying to make a plan for them when I die I need to leave them money but Im not wanting to die I feel like something wants me dead so badly that its just slowly happening.Ive taken so many very difficult steps to get healthy and overcome addiction I did it all for them they deserve the absolute best I can be. It seems like every time I fix a set of problems there is an entirely new and different set waiting to be a major problem and something Ive got to defeat all over again and Im so exhausted. Im so tired I think if I ever do die itll be because I couldnt take being so tired anymore I can not function but I have to.I used to be an intelligent guy now I stutter to find day to day words I dont know what Im talking about half the time nobody takes me seriously anymore. Im just falling apart.Ive tried everything Ive learned to try exercise meds therapy diet vitamins and supplements.Im at a point where this isnt an emotional or mental situation first I can fight off a lot of that its become an extremely physical problem. Im so exhausted that Im in pain Ive developed allergies that I cant control my face is always red and itchy over a year now.I dont know what Id do without them theyre the only reason I want to wake up tomorrow and thats the one thing Ive gotten right.Im not sure where Im going with this anymore.
depression, I just wanna hear your answers man life f*cked me up everyday like Im living just to suffer
depression, Im 20 never had a girlfriend and basically gave up on trying dating girls for all the rejections I got. One day I meet this girl pretty cute one too. She actually started the conversation for some informations but we kept talking and talking and in the end I asked her number. We messaged a little bit she sounded so enthusiastic all the time. I thought I was ready to try getting into a relationship set my depressing thoughts aside I even forgot I found myself to be ugly... So I just had my first date. During that moment I felt the happiest Ive ever been in my life. I liked everything about her and could feel a connection. Id personally say the date went well but that might have not felt the same on the other side. During the date everything seemed so fine I could totally feel a connection between us. We laughed talked about everything. We didnt kiss or anything but I was so happy. I genuinely was very happy. This is something I almost never feel because I always fall into a pit of depression after that. the morning after I decided to send her a message on WhatsApp and... She blocked me. I thought maybe she just deleted WhatsApp without a warning but no. She showed up when I checked another number. She had erased me. On WhatsApp. On Facebook. I called her days later hoping to not feel clingy but she hang up immediately. She might call me back I said so I sent her a SMS telling her to write or call back when she can. Nothing. Weeks passed and my mind is still full of doubts and I cant stop worrying about what I did wrong and why she did this and my depression has gotten way worse. I dont know what to think. Did something go wrong? Does she just not find me attractive at all?has she already found someone? Why did she even bother? I honestly want an answer but Im so frustrated that I cant get one back. I feel like I was so close to something so special and its already gone.Nightmares are waking me up. Im too weak for this stuff I have no idea how other people handle this.
depression, Just when I thought things were okay it came back. No 20-year old guy should be going through what Ive gone through the thoughts have come back the scary thoughts start to become real and Im delusional. Im scared of whatll happen next Im afraid Ill have another failed suicide attempt and be put in the mental hospital this time I wont get out. My friends turned against me they think Im annoying I have no one now Ive hit rock bottom so many times I hate this feeling. Im not able to buy a firearm until Im 25 so I guess my option will have to be suicide by cop.
depression, My depression and anxiety is just fucking with me. My boyfriend is an emotionally abusive prick and Im just so fucking triggered. I want to end it all but Im too afraid. I dont want to hurt anyone but fuck what about me? Im hurting so much and I dont know what to do. Im just at a halt a big stop sign. My emotions are clashing so hard that now Im just laying here emotionless after crying and having an anxiety attack. Im not worth it. Im only worth doing nothing and feeling nothing. I dont deserve to get worked up about anything. I should just lay here keep my mouth shut keep my face straight and just deal with it. I dont deserve help. I dont deserve sympathy. I dont deserve to get better. I dont deserve to be happy. I think I purposely shut myself off so I dont have to confront my true feelings and thoughts. Im too scared that I will end my life. God Im a piece of shit.
depression, One more day in my life.&amp;#x200B;One more day to consider myself a huge piece of shit incapable of everything.&amp;#x200B;One more day to know that the only future that awaits me is homeless or dead.&amp;#x200B;One more day of trying to contain my dark thoughts while being afraid to obey them one day.&amp;#x200B;One more day of being afraid of everything and nothing and feeling guilty for it.&amp;#x200B;One more day without talking to anyone but my family.&amp;#x200B;One more day where I want to cry and scream but I keep it all to myself.&amp;#x200B;One more day I know no one will want me and Ill never know love.&amp;#x200B;One more day to take on me like I did all the rest of my life.&amp;#x200B;One more day to spend my day on the PC.&amp;#x200B;One more day dreaming of a better life without having the balls to live that life.&amp;#x200B;One more day of being cowardly and weak and having no will for anything.&amp;#x200B;One more day of dwelling on mistakes from the past that have tormented me for years.&amp;#x200B;One more day where I feel abnormal compared to people my age.&amp;#x200B;One more day to complex on my physical and my mental.&amp;#x200B;One more day or maybe I should end because Im useless on this earth.&amp;#x200B;One more day in my life.&amp;#x200B;And tomorrow we start again again and again for years...&amp;#x200B;ps: I dont want anything by posting this message I dont want your pity your judgments your advice your reproaches etc. I dont want anything! I just wanted to externalize a bit of that and continue my road good day to you.
depression, I’m so angry all the time. Everything sets me off. People wanna do things and it just makes me mad. I want to be alone. But then I feel lonely. I don’t work because of a lot of chronic illnesses it’s been 2 yers already and most days I sit on my couch without doing anything. Cleaning cooking nothing seems feasible. Even going out to look around or shop (which was my fav) has lost its luster. I wait for my husband to come home and even when he’s home it’s the same feeling. I hate my life right now. I don’t know what else to do. Anyone else get irritated easily?
depression, My wife suffers with severe depression. I know it hurts her and I don’t know what to do. She says she only has herself in this world and that I am pretty much absent. I can see where she gets that. I work a lot I am not a big talker so I tend to be quiet unless she asks me something (even then I tend to be quiet and answer very straight forward mainly because I don’t know what to say) and I walk on eggshells around her due to not wanting to say the wrong thing or make her upset. We are having a big move real soon and she is in a bad place in her head right now. She is on a bunch of meds that don’t seem to help. Her doctor told her that maybe she should check herself in to an in-patient facility. I don’t even know where to start or what questions to ask. Does anyone have any advice on how to give her positive reinforcement about in-patient care or coping skills for her when she gets this way?
depression, On the days when I can feel its all too much saturation of my senses  an overload of emotion. I prefer the numb days. Its better not to care at all.
depression, I google that and it just gives me crisis lines. i was laying in bed at 4pm and i had the thought of trying to do something just to see how feasible it is. i had a bad experience once where the person on the phone basically told me i was an attention whore with no crisis. maybe i am..but i feel like the county is just giving me meds til I die regularly or by suicide.
socialanxiety, I was very proud of myself yesterday because I managed to pluck out the courage and call an electrician. Weve been having problems with the electricity in the kitchen and can barely use any appliance.So I make this call and finally thought aaah problem solved. But then the electrician asked me to call him the next morning and remind him. My answer was of course aaah yes sure. Then I spent the whole night worrying about the next morning couldnt sleep finally fell asleep at 7 am and didnt call him in the end. Using the kitchen is hell and I hate myself. I cant get myself to call again.Why does simple stuff like this have to be so damn hard?
depression, hi there so this is my first time posting here and Im not entirely sure what Im asking but I think I need to get this off my chest and ask for some advice. lately (for the past month or so) Ive been feeling very up and down with my emotions. Im 20 and Female and started a new relationship several months ago. I can honestly say its been amazing and were very much in love but I dont understand why usually at night I have overwhelming feelings of disappointment anxiety and sadness. Ive found myself crying for long periods of time sometimes to the point where I cant catch my breath or fall asleep crying. Its not every single night but its becoming more and more common. I cant quite explain why Im feeling like this to be honest because I would say that during the day Im mostly happy. I have been stressed lately and have skipped some classes (Im a college student a junior) but Im still seeing my boyfriend on a regular basis and my friends somewhat frequently and when Im with them I can honestly say I feel genuinely happy 80-90% of the time. But then all of a sudden its like the floor drops out from underneath of me and I have trouble keeping my emotions in check. I guess what Im asking is does anyone have advice? Several years ago I personally dealt with my own feelings of being depressed and having some suicidal thoughts but I was too scared to admit to any of my family or friends that I might need help. Does depression work like this? Can you be happy for years and suddenly feel so lost again? This time I feel like I dont have a concrete reason to be unhappy... I just dont understand. TL;DR- Life is good right now but I feel overwhelmingly sad at night not sure whats wrong and looking for some advice. (Apologies if this post should be in another subreddit Ive never posted here before and thought this might be the place to start looking for help.)
mentalhealth, everyday I wake up I always wonder how Im gonna spend that day. what Im gonna do today. I dont wanna waste my days now because of death and shit but I hate it. I woke up freaking out about how much time has gone by? idk I just woke up freaking out about the day and what to do. ig me dying has affected my day to day life now. I wish it would stop. and I hate hearing the birds cherp because idk it annoys be and makes me think about time. I also hate how time is going so fast. it’s been 6 months already of 2021 and we’re coming to 2022. I hate it but I cant do anything about it.and yes I have told my parents about it and they just told me to pray. I havent told them about my current problems with time and the birds because I know they would force me to pray as if it would make it go away. I dont know much to say just wanted to get it out.also I think Ive been overthinking everything I do now. like when I tell someone to “die” or when Im doing some action of how it’ll end soon (ex. going out and having fun). I hate overthinking. it’s really a pain.
depression, Nothing makes me happy anymore. I have nothing to look forward to ever and the only thing that used to distract me from my depressive moods is no longer there for me. All I can do is sit here and wait for my medical insurance paperwork to return and wait to contact them about therapy which might not even help very much but lately Ive been pretty hopeless. Its the worst part of my moods and feelings just a complete sense of hopelessness. The future seems completely bleak and I dont know how to fix it. I can not live for myself so Ive always tried to live for other people. I dont even want to kill myself or something I just want to have never existed. Ever since I heard my birth was a mistake Ive fantasized about how I could have never existed. The idea of never having entered this world is so completely attractive. Not existing is so much better than existing. There may be people who would say they are glad I exist but really would they not be able to get on without me? Would they not persevere just as much without me cheering them on from the saddened sidelines? Am I any more help to them than the others that tell them to persevere? I just feel completely empty and hopeless. Theres nothing to fill the void anymore so its just widening. I dont drink I dont smoke weed I dont play video games I dont like going out with my friends so what is there? What could possibly help me? Nothing. Nothing could help me. Drinking helped and the idea of it hastening my demise was attractive but my loved ones become worried so I stop. Id rather live my empty sad life than worry those important to me. I honestly wish I could just shut out completely. Just a complete void of constant nothingness where I dont see my family or friends maybe read a bit but for the most part just walk around and rust. Rust away until I finally slip out of existence fuck man why is it so hard why is everything so hard its not even that hard thats the worst part ITS NOT THAT HARD BUT FOR ME IT IS. WHY.
depression, So I started taking lexapro for depression about four months ago. I had done well on it in college so my doc thought wed start there. The only side effects I noticed were dry mouth and a rash on my face both of which went away in about two weeks. The rash isnt itchy it just feels like really bumpy skin. When I am in the sun or sweaty from exercise it gets red and inflamed but that goes away on its own. No fever or trouble breathing. Is this normal? Since it went away does it mean I am not allergic? Fast forward to now: I was pretty inconsistent with my meds while I was moving and on vacation but am on them regularly again. The rash and dry mouth are back! Why? Will it go away?
mentalhealth, I’ve recently realised that I suffer from extreme rejection sensitivity dysphoria. It’s so severe that someone casually mentioning they don’t like something I like will make me spiral and feel physically ill. If someone says something bad or critical about me or something I like even if i cognitively know they are correct or have a right to their opinion I find myself on the verge of throwing up. For example a friend recently told me he lost interest in a show we bonded over at the start of our friendship because he felt the cast was a bit too full of themselves. I have been mulling over this for a week fearing that by liking this show still I’m doing something wrong or that liking it will reflect negatively on me to other people. Just seeing pictures of the cast is enough to make me queasy.This is not helped by the fact that I also am on the spectrum and have hyperfocuses so I’m essentially stuck with a brain that will force me to think about topics that make me stressed out.Whenever I try and find coping mechanisms I’m told that there is nothing I can do but I can’t keep living like this. It’s exhausting.
depression, Sorry In advanced for the rant of anyone even reads this lol 19m I used to use this app a lot to talk people out of hurting themselves or give people a chance to vent when I was really depressed as a coping mechanism I guess. I started feeling better as I graduated high school with honors and began moving towards an exciting and new time in my life. There were ups and downs sure but I was probably happier than I’ve been in years since entering college. I found new hobbies met amazing friends worked out etc I even finished the semester with all As. That’s why it hurts even more to still be in this place. Nearly all of my online friends ditched me like they always do half of my real life friends just stopped showing any interest In me I can’t find a reason to give af about school and I’ve stopped all but one of my hobbies (piano). It’s like once I get a taste of feeling okay everything falls apart and I know what I need to do to fix it but I just feel so alone and I need so badly to share my thoughts with someone but despite being in a school of ten thousand plus people there’s not one person I feel okay turning to for help. I just want it to end it never gets better and it hurts so much because I have a lot of love for other people and I just never seem to have that love reciprocated. I never leave anyone but people always get bored of me and move on to the next. I just want someone to love me man
depression, Doctor told me my Liver isnt working. This life might not be worth it. Im actually just a walking shell of a human being. So much pain and I cant cry.
depression, For the first month and a half of lamotrigine I felt better. So much better.However for the pas 2 months its be bad so very bad. Im getting constant thoughts of suicide and its weird. Ive gotten them before but these feel more real and more persuasive. Im so much more emotionally unstable. Im not CONSTANTLY depressed like I was but now Im so prone to these meltdowns. Im seeing it deep into my life now and once again its becoming a routine.Ive lied to him and told him its fine for two months. Only every listing minor things like a bit emotional but not a lot Im at 150mg started at 25mg. I was diagnosed with depression but I guess he believes I had a mood disorder. Im rambling now Im sorry.My point is. What do I do. How do I tell him its not working I recently got prescribed adderall as well and I dont want him thinking thats the issue because this has been longer than that..Im confused.Edit- I want to thank everyone for the responses. Ive never seen such welcoming and sweet people. Im always scared to talk about things like this in fear of what others will say thank you from the bottom of my heart.
mentalhealth, Today with help from a great friend of mine I went to see my gp to discuss my mental health. I wont go into detail about this. It wasnt very fulfilling but Im glad I took this step and have been given a number to self-refer myself to some therapy thing.However I still feel like a piece of shit. Topped with another steaming pile of shit for even feeling this way when my friend is trying so hard to help me.I made the decision to see my gp due to my mental health affecting my school life. Im wasting my days away in bed and on the internet and being in my last year of sixth form (UK student)  this is not acceptable. I have so so much work to do and no time left to do it. My internal deadline for my personal statement for uni is tomorrow and Ive done about a sentence of it. A few weeks ago. And havent touched it since. I do want and need therapy but my final exams will be here in no time and theres no way I can pick myself back up in time to get through them. I feel like Ive taken on too much work 4 subjects an EPQ procrastinated on all of them and now when Im running out of time and facing all the consequences am using my mental health as an excuse all of a sudden trying to get better when Ive left it far too late. I am trapped Ive lost hope and feel like Im just floating around doing nothing as the pressure piles on. Just wish I could disappear.
depression, I sometimes breakdown when someone questions me about the family or people close to me which I dont have. Im reminded of how much I longed for someone to understand me and also the loneliness and depression I hide everyday behind a cheerful personality.
depression, Just venting. Ashamed that I have to vent so often now. Ashamed to expend so just negative energy. Ashamed my confidence is in the shitter ( vday and ex gf saying countless fucked up things to me mostly why). Ashamed to go to a bar tonight by myself. Ashamed about where I am life/career wise at this age as a man. Could ramble on all night but just want to get out what’s on my mind. I apologize.
depression, I’m living my life telling myself that I am okay the way I am. I tell myself that I have no desire for anything and that I am okay with that. I tell myself that I am contempt with life and have no desire to make anything of it. I am okay with dying. I am okay. I think. So what now?
mentalhealth, Ah shit here we go again this is like the third time ive posted this here (different times). Why am i so fucking dumb. Why. Why cant i do anything properly. I want to quit my job. But i cant bring myself to. I dont know how to tell them too scared. Fucks sake i only work 2 days a week and this too is overwhelming. I cant do shit im a useless piece of shit. Why is my brain like this. Sometimes i wanna just say Fuck it and start doing drugs (nevrr hage). Atleast itll feel good. Why try when u can just scape ughhhh. I’m going to therapy but doesn’t help att all feels like i havent even explained my problem to the therapist. Ughhhhh fuckkk. I feel like im always 1 step away from just going to fucking bed and doing nothing running away from everything. Its been more than 3 months ive worked here and still feel like this. Why the fuck m i this dumbbbbbbbbbb. Why cant i do things normally mannn
depression, This is just me venting or whatever you can ignore if youd like.tl;dr: Im stupid with no motivation/will. Not enough courage to tell anyone on how I feel. I envy happiness so theres a reason to live.Welp. I have a couple more days until my finals. I havent really started studying for any of them really. There really isnt any point because Im going to fail them anyways and most likely be kicked out of my Uni. This is going to be my 3rd strike or whatever of academic probation.Lately death has really been the only thing I have been thinking about. Today there was a shootout that resulted in 2 casualties with the suspect at large in the area. This occurred to be that this could be my chance to die an accidental death if I were to go find and approach the suspect. Though obviously I did not even try and finding the person because I know I wouldnt find him in the end.I dont think Im suicidal or anything. I honestly dont want anyone to know how much I am feeling and I believe killing myself would tell everyone just that. Yeah my friends and family may be aware to what/how I am feeling but that is all I want them to know.Id say my depression really started off as believing that I am too incompetent. From starting college I told myself I am following the pre-med path. I say I want to become this doctor but after 4 years I have a 3.0 GPA from my CC and under a 2.5 GPA in my uni. I dont know what the hell I am doing with life. I think the more I believe I am incompetent while taking these courses the worse it gets from the grades that I receive in them. I find the courses I take very interesting - I just love learning about it. I just have no will no motivation to study the courses. If that makes any sense. And if I dont get the subject I try to take the time to learn it but in the end it takes time for it to click or I forget it a couple days later. And if I remember correctly doesnt depression affect our hypothalamus - which is our control center for converting our memories from shorter to longer?And I know yeah sure. The right thing to do is just to take a break from school and get better or surrounding myself with friends. But I honestly dont want to stop because I dont want to fail on my parents. They have high expectations of me especially my dad. I dont want to fail on him because he has worked so hard in life. He literally had nothing growing up. And what did I have growing up? Everything.And whenever Im with my friends yeah I can have a great time being with them but most of the time I dont know what to say. What to contribute. Nothing comes to mind. Occasionally I say witty things in the convo to not make them wonder why Im so quiet. Most of the time I hate it when I hang out with them too. Most of the good friends I hang out with talk about school a lot and reminding myself with school? No bueno for me because of how I am doing in it.I really do want to do better in life and to give back to my parents and more for the unconditional love they have given to me. I dont deserve great parents like them. I honestly feel like I am a waste of investment. They spend so much money on someone who is not going to go anywhere in life. I have been trying to overcome this shit depression for awhile now without any help such as therapy or whatever... but obviously that hasnt really done anything.Like one of the previous post that Ive seen on this subreddit Im just waiting to die. An accidental death would be welcoming. Then again I do envy the people who are out there being happy. So I guess that means there has to be a part of me that wants to make life work. I hope I can someday look back at this long part of my life and be grateful I did not do anything to jeopardize my life. But I guess thats just being hopeful.First time actually writing this down and it somewhat feels a bit better.
depression, Thats being suicidal/human I guess. Im really not in a good place mentally
depression, Im getting close to two months now without leaving the house. I need food I need basic living supplies I need to take my cat to the vet. I just keep burning through my food storage keep wasting the days doing menial online jobs for less than minimum wage and occasionally bitching on reddit.This lifestyle isnt sustainable I cant survive this way. By not leaving the house Im not selling plasma and thats one of my biggest incomes. I havent had 4 figures in my bank account since 2012 I havent had a girlfriend in just as long. I couldnt afford to date even if anyone wanted to date me.No car no phone I live in someones spare room...and I still cant afford to live. I have the cheapest lifestyle of anyone I know in a first world country that isnt supported by their parents or homeless. I live on under $500 most months it is still too much for me to handle because I cant bring myself to go outside and deal with society anymore.I cant hold a real job and I cant find decent online employment. My mental issues are getting worse all the time it is harder to function every day. I dont know how much longer I can last like this.
depression, The first day at the university was very unpleasant. Our group was gathered in a small room. I sat in the back there was only 1 seat left next to me and the girl who came last looked at me. She turned around took another seat and sat down with other girls.Like a fool I waved my hand at her indicating that there was a place nearby. I don’t remember exactly if everyone looked at me but someone looked. It was very unpleasant humiliating. When I returned home I felt a terrible cold in my stomach and that something like butterflies. Memories hurt I have many such memories.
mentalhealth, Hi allI feel stressed and anxious all the time particularly when I’m at home because my mother is narcissistic and controlling and I have to deal with her behaviour quite often. Even when she is tolerable home still feels a little scary.This has impacted my studies because I’m too anxious stressed nervous tired (my lack of sleep may be caused by my stress) and most importantly demotivated to do my assignments. After all why do it if I’m going to get screamed at either way? I used to be able to go to the library to do it to get away from home but that’s closed now and I have nowhere good to study.Studying at home (and studying in general) has become increasingly harder over time. I used to think “this is hard but I can do it”; after that my thoughts were more like “maybe I’ll fail but that’s okay”; nowadays I tend to think “it’s okay to not try you have to do what you have to do for your mental health”.This is because I’ve got work that keeps piling up; the stress and everything else makes it harder to keep going which increases the rate at which I feel behind which also increases the stress.Now I’m at a standstill. I don’t even want to keep going now that I am forced to do 100% of all of my work in the one space that is just too overwhelming to do work in *plus* I’m way too far behind.I just don’t know how to turn my life around now. I’ve tried to solve the underlying causes of this problem so many times (tried to get my mother to be more cooperative made it worse; tried to find another place to study that’s closed now; tried to see my therapist and counsellor that hasn’t helped) and I feel like nothing can be done.Many people tell me that “you just gotta push through it even when it gets hard” but I burn out *extremely* quickly every time and then have to take long breaks of doing no work. I’ve tried doing work despite needing to rest a few times and it never ended well. One time I got very sick the time after that I resorted to self-harm.I just don’t know what to do. I have to get away from home so I can begin to heal (likely have CPSTD) but how do I get there when there is no hope and no tangible way to succeed at school anymore?Feel free to ask additional questions if your advice depends on further information that I have not provided.
depression, Its like wherever you go you think youre the only one like this but then you go on this sub and realize there arent only more like you but people that seem like they ARE you. I cant even believe how much I relate to the top posts on here right now. Something about it is calming.
depression, Is there something out there along the lines of big brother/big sister? Something where people can connect with others and they are responsible for each other? Almost like a social networking but more personal. Something where you can apply and you are matched up with someone with similar interests/difficulties and you look out for each other? I hope my question makes sense. I want to get involved and help where i can but I dont want to seem fake or hand out lame t-shirts one week a year...I have no professional training only my own personal therapy for depression. I know of NAMI and havent done a lot of research into exactly what they do but I want to stay away from religion and politics. Tl;dr I want to help on a personal level and not seem pretentious. How can I get involved and yet be careful to not trigger my own issues?
mentalhealth, Hello.In a nutshell I get super hung up over bad (or in some cases simply less than perfect) social interactions. I feel I simply don’t perform and integrate as well as others do in a social group and have recent examples circulating in my mind of how I’ve alienated others from me because I’ve just not been as socially strong embarrassed myself appeared boring or put someone off me. Some of these thoughts are pretty triggering to me and I’m currently backpacking so they are taking away from my travels. I don’t view myself as these but feel others view me as them.I’d love to go out for a night and chat (or indeed..not chat) as I please and simply not give a shit rather than worrying about what people thought of me and why I hadn’t made 10 new best friends that night. I don’t feel like I’m really connecting with people.I’m all up for self help I’ve had some therapy before for semi-related reasons and I’m gonna begin meditating again.Any recommendations of techniques or resources I can use during my travels to give less of a shit and focus more on me?Thanks!
depression, So Ive been without my meds 2 days and I feel bad man.Wife going to pick them up tonite I think.I cant think even on energy drinks nautious I want to cry no reason. I dont want to be a at work right now. Going for a walk now its breaktime.  Usually I spend all day reading reddits today I just skim and whatever.  Gah. Going for a walk.
mentalhealth, On Friday I had my body went weak and idk why. I have suspicions but No One Believes Me. Just out of no where I was very dizzy and my stomach just felt ill but I wasnt sick. Everytime I cWould move a certain way the feeling would come back and I couldnt walk as well. I made sure I was hydrated and I ate food but it just never went away. If you hours later I went to tie my shoe and I bit down in my whole body just fell over. Ask the nurse about it she said it could be POTS or vertigo. But I would have to go to the doctor first and ik damn well my mom isnt gonna take me. This shit sucks
depression, I pause in hopes youll notice Im desperately attempting to swim upstream and failing and praying that youll see and lend a stick I put my sleeve over my hand to hide the self-inflicted burns that are my cowardices testimony I try to scream in every other fashion but words and say Im not okay help meBut instead I just gather the jigsaw pieces to my soul and make the puzzle just presentable enough to say Im good how are you?------------------------------Criticism and feedback welcomed. I dont know if youre allowed to post poems here so if not call me out.
depression, Does anyone have go to songs that help you feel like you can get through the crap? I have a few but I would like to put together a playlist for those bad days. Ive always found solace in music and Im always looking for more (solace and music)  Right now my standbys are:  Iridescent - Linkin Park  This is War - 30 Seconds to Mars  Unwritten - Natasha Beddingfield  The Resolution - Jacks Mannequin  The Mute - Radical Face
mentalhealth, Ive read many posts of people saying therapy is very expensive and that deters people from seeking help. If you were to get an opportunity where it was free would you go for it? Yes/no and please explain why.
depression, Im writing this here because its the only place I found to speak my mind without being ashamed. I hope Im not the only one. Im a 21 years male. About two years ago I fell in love with this girl and we dated for about a year. She left me when things got tough and I was heartbroken in a way I never imagined possible. Since that time Ive been trying to put myself together. And even that now my life is starting to go into a track again Ive never felt so lonely in my life. I have friends and I go out often Ive even hooked up a few times when I felt it was right but nothing that could stick or turn into a relationship. My roommate is dating our neighbour and Im the third wheel often. But thats not the only problem. That just adds up to my loneliness factor. I see people who are single and they feel fine and I ask myself : Why is it so important to me to find someone?And then I fell ashamed of myself. Because I cant stand being alone anymore. Because I feel alone even though I am almost always surrounded of people.
depression, My marriage is on the rocks. My husband says if I dont get better soon we are getting a divorce. I dont have a clue as to how to get better. Ive been depressed for 9 years. I have tried tons of meds counselors doctors psychiatrists psychologists and I am just as depressed as ever. Please help me. I am so lost and I dont want to lose my husband because of this...
depression, I lost my cockatiel almost a week ago. I had her for 9 years but she suddenly passed away due to a heart condition. He cage is in my room and one morning I heard flaps sounds and it woke me up. The whole day was just trying to save her as she could hardly balance herself.  Im devastated its like im never gonna be happy ever again. I remember taking her to the cremation place. It was sunny that day. I cried and hyperventilated the 3 days straight. My family was devastated too but it hit me pretty hard because I pretty much took care of her and spent the most time with her.  My last tiel passed away about 2 years ago. It was my first time losing a pet and it hit everyone pretty hard. We were pretty devastated. I still wake up in the middle of the night calling her name and when I realize that she is gone I just start crying.  I cried alot when I lost my first tiel. But now that I lost my other tiel I feel numb almost? I did cry alot the first couple of days but now I cant feel anything. Now I just hate everything I used to enjoy. Like the sunny and warm weather. My third tiel was the source of my happiness but seeing him makes me sad. Im hurting but I feel so numb to everything. like I have no tears left to cry. now I just feel numb and empty. Ive always been a very negative person. Its like my second nature. I live in the past. I hate certain seasons because they make me sad due to  what happened around that time a few years back. I cant seem to move on from past.  Heck I dont even feel like getting better because I dont deserve to be happy.
depression, I need to take one step at a time. But there is so much to do in parallel.I have to search for an apartment in the city I am going to study but also a side job.Currently I am too depressed to travel to the city for apartment hunting. I rather want to sleep all day. I have a small temp job and that takes all my energy already. But I need to take care of apartment hunting study will start in October.Every apartment announcement (?) in those apps give me anxiety because it might mean that I have to travel there. Pressure of missing my chance does not help.I live in Germany where there are not that many apartments on campus but you also have to search on your own.What to do then?
depression, After years of failing im done trying to make friends or finding a SO. Ive tried changing myself I tried making myself look better I tried changing my attitude i even tried going with the flow and yet here i am still jobless about to be 30 in a few months and still here by myself trying to figure out what the fuck am i doing wrong. Im fucking done always having to see other people around me being happy with their bfs/gfs or over hearing everyone else just having such the greatest time in their lives while I sit here being miserable due to shit i realize i cant control. I was born into this shit alone and ill fucking die and get away from it alone.
depression, My girlfriend broke up with me yesterday she seems to be doing better off without me my friend is pretty much flirting with her people seem uninterested in talking with me i feel pretty worthless rn i dont feel like going to any friends because i feel fucked with enough rn. Theres more thats been circulating through my head but its all just too much. Hows your day
mentalhealth, I am 14 male I sometimes feel like I’m going crazy I don’t know how to explain it but I have so many fucking feelings I usually feel horny a lot and Ik it’s normal but I hate it and after I stop feeling horny I think about murdering and dissecting the girl that was turning me on i don’t know what’s going on to me I’m not sure if im thinking of these thoughts on purpose or what I don’t know what’s happening to me is this normal?
mentalhealth, I have no idea of why im like that and i would like to know your opinions so i can search it up and talk about it to my psychiatrist to see if its possibleSince im a kid (from as far as i can remember) i have this weird obsession for blood gore horror death torture serial killers etc but the unrestricted internet access possibly did not help (shout out to our gore tumblr and bestgore kids lol) i started killing animals when i was 12yo stopped around 17yo because i was scared of the possible consequences since i was soon turning 18yo. Ive also tried to kms at 13yo but took a lot of sleeping pills everyday for 3 weeks (between 7 and 15 every day) so it could probably km someday Ive almost died when i tried to kms. Since then i have the feeling that I might have died and everything im experiencing might be some sort of afterlife or dream. After the attempt Ive became more and more obsessed with the hole thats how i called my obsession with suicide blood injuries serial killers etc. Ive cutted myself like ive never did before and did it for 5 years everyday multiple times a day and making me bleed a lot ive drank my blood multiples times wrote letters with it took photos and videos and shared them with my friends playing with the blood etc. I was always talking about suicide and sh as if it was the most normal thing on earth i cut myself to make me bleed to see blood not for letting emotions out a scream for help or to feel alive unlike reasons other people gave me when i asked them why they were serlfharming. Also i was obsessed with bones and I was anorexic to see them not to be thin.In the beginning of my 18 ive started to withdraw socially and even tho i was having professional help since i was 13 i was not getting better only on the outside not the inside feeling like im slowly rotting. It got worst around my late 19 i started feeling more and more like im not real experiencing a lot of dissociation constant depersonalization nothing is real and nothing matters. Soon after having 20yo ive decided to kms in a year if I dont get better ill switch to an other reality and start from the beginning and if it does not work ill do it all again if i dont rot to death until the 4 of July 2023. And im okay with dying almost feeling peaceful and as if ill finally come home. I dont dont about it to anyone because i dont want them to lock me in a psychward or try to stop me and make me change my mind they wont understand that its really what i want. What could it be? Not trying to get a dx from reddit lol ill just look it up and probably talk about it to my psychiatrist if there is an effective treatment and im also curious to know what it is because ive already told the surface of how my head is going (which is not included here) and ive been told that its not normal at all and got dx with multiple dx such as schizotypalPD avoidantPD borderlinePD ADHD CPTSD we suspected high functioning autism (turned out negative). Ive felt shamed by the people Ive talk to and never talked about it again.
socialanxiety, Helpp i have an interview tomorrow for a masters course that I’ve applied and this is the first time I’m giving any sort of interview.I have to give an extempore (impromptu speech)followed by a personal interview and I’m legit freaking out soo bad right now thinking I’m gonna mess up. I’m afraid im just gonna turn blank and not be able to speak!!I have an anxious pit in my stomach just thinking about it as the time passes on more and more😭😭
depression, Hi guysJust wanted to check in and offer a bit of hope for all of you out there seeing no light at the end of the tunnel.Ive been heavily depressed on and off for around 6 years - family issues loneliness identity problems feeling different and isolating myself from everyone around me. All this while keeping face - acting friendly and normal in social situations but knowing the dark cloud was waiting for me as soon as I was alone again.This mask of happiness finally slipped in July this year and I broke down at the end of a night out with my friends. I began to slip down even further - couldnt eat food leave bed even open my eyes. After 3 days of locking myself away I left my house. I didnt know where I was going to - just that I was going to make a huge change whether that be positive or negative. In the end I plucked up the strength to go to a doctor - I had tried to reach out for help on dozens of occasions before but could never make that final step. You all know how impossible it is to get that inner voice telling you how bad things are out into the open.5 weeks ago now I began a Cognitive Behavioural Therapy programme on the NHS (in England). And up until last week things hadnt got any better or any easier. In fact itd gotten harder. More depression anxiety insomnia nightmares involuntary twitching and feeling my body stiffening up constantly digging up negative memories. Today marks 5 days since Ive last had a down day. I havent gone 5 days in over 2 years. Its all down to one simple change in my life. Before working on the cognitive aspect of the treatment (why I feel bad) Ive been challenged to fix the behavioural aspect (what Im doing when I feel bad). For me my worst moments are when I was in bed lying down alone. And my brain constantly convinced me I was tired and couldnt leave bed - drawing me in to the hours and days of depression and self-loathing. So Im challenging that - I havent lay in bed for 5 days. And I can feel that weight lifting slowly that cloud over the head clearing. Im starting to get that amazing feeling of having a clear head we all crave and cant imagine experiencing again.My next step is to explore the cognitive aspect of why I get depressed and thats going to challenge a lot of my inner beliefs and negative opinions I have of myself. But for the first time in years I feel I have the energy to fight this fight.I know hearing people say It can be OK normally cant cut through that awful dark cloud which consumes your mind. But if my experience can help one person try something anything to get you out of that rut where youre in your dark place then itll be worth it.Happy to turn this into an AMA if anyone has any questions (feel free to PM me too) about the details of the treatment (have some online resources etc to link to). Ill also post the end result at the end of my treatment. But this was just to try and give all you guys out there a little bit of hope - this time last week I was just as hopeless as anyone on here.
mentalhealth, I dont know what Im doing wrong but my motivation to do anything that isnt interesting has been at an all-time low. Ive started leave my homework and studying till the last minute and waste my time all day on useless distractions. Even right now I should be doing an assignment but instead Im here. Lately Ive felt souless. Like I have no emotion and when I do its almost always disappointment in myself like now. I used to blame school but I dont know if thats actually true. Everyday is the same. Its become a routine. One which I fell like Im spectating and not participating in. I feel like a failure even though I ultimately do finish my assignments and get mostly good marks. Am I burnt out or am I just lazy. I dont know anymore. This is really stressful. Is this what Im supposed to be like in 10th grade. Because it sure doesnt feel like it. Im sure youve all felt this but you know when theres a hole in your chest? Im falling deeper into that hole than ever.
depression, I just want it to end. I have no purpose and I feel like I’m driving myself insane. I’m not going to commit suicide because I’m too scared of the pain but it tempts me often.
depression, Im not sure where to start. Long time lurker on Reddit and I guess I should finally get some help. My ex girlfriend was everything to me. She pulled me out of a bad place before and made me feel happier than I have ever been. She inspired me to re-pursue music and art and I was in love. She moved across the country recently and I knew that it wouldnt last and I was prepared for that. What I wasnt prepared for was her telling me that she wishes that she had never gotten as involved with me. That hit me like a bullet and I went spiraling downwards. My grades started slipping and I had lost my best friend to a car accident only a week later. My parent didnt understand and when I tried to explain they would tell me to suck it up. All the stress got to me after awhile I guess and I had a heart attack. I didnt understand because Im only 18 and Im relatively good shape. Turns out that I have a form of heart arrhythmia and that only made things worse. I try to not let it all get to me but its so hard everyday. Theres always that nagging voice just telling me how worthless I am and it makes everyday a struggle. My friends have noticed and most of them instead of helping choose to ignore it and act as if Im just joking around because of my personality. Im in a bad place. My heart hurts if I do anything too strenuous not too mention all the emotional toll. I dont want to feel this way I want to help people and make their lives better. How can I do that if I cant even help myself?
depression, ..... to get it picked up by someone to wash for me. (Yay for startups)Depression sucks. I feel like shit and it took me hours to be able to do such a simple task.
depression, Im off the fucking chain and I dont even know who the fuck I am. I cant even keep a name for more than a few months. It feels like a lie to say im a human being. Im a vile amalgamation of other peoples personalities stuck in one body. I just steal parts of human beings to become humanoid. I have no core.
depression, Its on HBO now not sure if it always was. Its super relateable if you have anxiety and depression.
depression, Everytime i try to get better every time i keep on helping everyone around me and keep on being that good person i am but everyday i just feel empty inside y flunked out of college i pretend like everything is ok but im not. boxing doesnt bring the same joy it once did neither does gaming nothing im doing feels like ill ever be anything in life i feel broken and nomathar what i do i simply cant get back up
depression, I work at a private care home. This job saved my life. Its the only job Ive had that hasnt made me want to hurl myself off of a bridge (until now.) Its the only job I can do while Im at my lowest. Its depressing sure but I can deal with it. This week though things just got a little too real for me.A new resident moved in on Tuesday. Around 60 years old still in pretty good physical shape. Hes sharp as a whip when it comes to numbers and history but has obvious brain damage. He stutters a lot lacks judgement in some situations and forgets recent events easily.  The guy is extremely warm and genuine. We were getting along really well. Today he told me how he got his brain injury and it wrecked me. Apparently hed suffered from depression his whole life and had attempted suicide about 5 times or so. One of his arms has a massive gash on it from where he cut his wrist and the hand on that arm barely functions because he fucked up his nerves so much. He also tried to drown himself. He neglected to tell me exactly how he got the head injury outside of describing it as a suicide attempt but I assume he jumped off of something or in front of a car. This was 5 years ago.He told me that he went to the hospital the night before the attempt and told them that he was going to kill himself. The doctor increased his SSRI dose and sent him on his way. Then he attempted suicide and got a cognitive disability. This happened in the same hospital that I went to six years ago after taking a bottles of benzos and giving myself some superficial cuts on my arms and legs. The same hospital that sent me a 20 year old with no family in the city home alone to spend the night relaxing until a doctor would call me in the morning to schedule an appointment. The same doctor who prescribed me the benzos when he knew I was at risk to OD. And even though they were fucking right that I was too much of a pussy to kill myself (which pisses me off to no end I have to admit) I fucking hate them for what they did. It was neglect.It fucks me up that I could have been in the same place as my client had I been braver that night (or more of a coward take your pick.) That I could have taken more pills and had a stroke or something. Became a vegetable. Never would have met my SO. Never would have enjoyed even a second of my 20s. And sure I can look at it constructively. I didnt fuck up like he did. I still experience joy sometimes even though I want to die. Fuck the new client even acts like he has a new outlook on life. Hes happy loving and open. He says hes learned a lot about life. Shouldnt I take this all as inspirational and a sign that better times can come around the bend? Why cant I just be happy that Im still walking and talking and able to enjoy some of lifes pleasures as much as I hate sticking around for it?I just cant.It fucking terrifies me that this man was still attempting suicide in his 50s. I was too scared to ask when his first serious attempt was. What if hed said Oh at 54? Like do I have to suffer for another 25 years just to decide to try and kill myself in my 50s? It really doesnt get better does it? And Ive been through the motions the ups and downs and for fuck sakes last year I actually thought I was better. I lost 60 pounds. I wrote 100 pages of my book. I was so happy. And its back. I dont want it to keep coming back until Im old and grey. Fuck that. Fuck it.Something about how this guy who was so tragically depressed just turning around and being happy-go-lucky just makes me so uncomfortable. It feels like hes lying. It feels like hes still suffering and cant admit it to himself. I have to give the guy credit though he loves others when he cant love himself. He does it well.I just...I feel like Ive had every epiphany and triumphed over every negative thought but I still end up back here. Right here. Im so tired. I dont want to fight this battle for decades and give up in my 60s and crush my SOs heart more than I would if I just ended it now. I dont want to waste anyones time. I dont want to waste my time. I dont want to worry anymore. I dont want to worry about things I dont care about and wonder why the fuck Im worrying about them. I dont want to keep doing any of this. But you and I both know that I will.Fuck.
depression, I’m a 15 year old boy I’m from Colombia and I always have been a second choice for everyone except one persons of my family nobody cares about my problems and I don’t want to be a problem for my family I can’t do it anymore all my friends are bad to me they don’t care about anything I can’t be what I want to and I want to restart my life in another country but I have to wait another thought year in this place that holds my life support my parents I swear without them i could pass away
mentalhealth, I dont know what I even want by posting this.  My life is a rollercoaster and I just want off.It takes so long to get into and see someone about this shit.....I should have done it a long time ago but I havent so here I am.....losing my family because of my inaction.Hopefully I can find a place in the morning that doesnt take a month to get an appointment.  I just miss my family
mentalhealth, I (17M) have a version of my self that has been really struggling as of late. Crying at night and being afraid to go to sleep. But then I will have another side to me that doubts side 1s existenceI have no idea if side 2 is healthy for me or bad for me sometimes it perks me up and sometimes. But recently I have been challenging side 2s belief which  causes more pain.When I have the emotions if side 2 if I accept them it perks me up but makes the nights worse. If I deny side 2 it saddens me then but lifts the burden at nightA day ago I have decided after long thought to make a sort of diary of emotions setting some ground rules for myself and such enforced by the idea that if I betray them I would be hurting my past self. But by putting my emotions into the diary I proved accidentally that I do have issues.So now my question is should I keep investing my feelings out into words or not
depression, I keep having moments of normal life and happiness then slipping back into complete self hatred and hopelessness whenever anything goes wrong. Ive become too used to a comfortable life and now if something doesnt go the way I expect I just hate myself and this life
depression, Rant. I love birthdays. My birthday often falls on a public holiday so I plan it in advance so people know because I understand that people forget and most people suck at remembering birthdays. Even when my friends dont do anything for their birthdays I love giving them thoughtful presents. I dont expect presents in return I just love giving people presents. I dont want or expect them to get me presents or to not go on holiday because its my birthday. I just expect them not to say theyll come and then not come without even telling me they cant make it because theyll be away. I dont have that many friends and i consider myself quite close to several people maybe they dont consider us close idk. But it sucks that 7 of them are actually going away and only one bothered to tell me. I dont even expect an apology cos why apologise for going on holiday?! Just like oh I realised I wont be able to make it would be nice yknow? This has been a thing my whole life (and most of my life I havent even had close friends) and it always makes me feel like they dont actually care. Im sure its more that they just didnt realise like when you double book yourself that happens but it still hurts my feelings. I dont really want to point it out to any of them because I dont want to make them feel guilty but it just makes me feel like shit. Ive been really happy (relatively speaking) lately but this has put a serious dampener on things and it saddens me that they cant even be bothered to tell me. I know im an adult nd I shouldnt put so much emphasis on parties it makes me feel like a child
depression, I can never sleep easily. I end up laying here in bed on my phone browsing reddit or watching tv for hours (I went to bed about 3 hours ago). really makes life hard when I have to get up at 6.30am but I only went to sleep at 4.30am etc.. I just end up skipping class and sleeping all day and the cycle continues. I know watching tv and browsing reddit dont help but letting my mind run wild and rehashing memories/conversations while I lay there trying to force myself to sleep is torture.  Sorry I guess theres no point to this just wish I could sleep.
mentalhealth, Sooo Ive been a Certified nurse assistant (CNA) For the last 2 years i ended up loving the field... but now that a want to pursue a Career i cant decide whether i want to be a nurse paramedic or respiratory therapist... for the last 2 years Ive been in school trying to do my prerequisites but i always end up dropping out because i cant do school it just doesnt click... i keep asking myself if cna is it for me... and im not surten on what i should do.. do any of you have any advice... Id really appreciate you all♡
depression, Nothing is working. My life could get better with time and effort but time is running out. And it could take years. How can I possibly get my life together when I can barely get out of bed? I cant go on like this much longer and suicide would destroy my family. I feel trapped.
mentalhealth, I’ve never posted on Reddit in anyway before today. I just found out that one of my best friends attempted suicide Saturday night. Another one tried a few years ago luckily the gun misfired. I’ve spent the whole day talking to the most recent attemptee. They seem so set in the hopelessness of it all and I don’t know how to be a better support system. They flat out said they didn’t want anyone feeling as if they could’ve done more but I can’t help but wonder if I can. Not sure what I’m looking for here advice? Support? What does someone do in this situation?
depression, I am going to move out in a few days. The new apartment is very far away from the place I live at right now. A friend of mine knows about my mental health problems (that Ive had for a very long time) and knows that I wanted to see him one last time on the weekend before I move out. He knows that I am going to struggle a lot there and that I will feel alone.&amp;#x200B;Well he just told me that he scheduled several dates on the weekend and we could meet for a short time during the day on Saturday. I fucking hate my stupid brain - did I really think it was going to happen as planned?&amp;#x200B;Thinking rationally I should just drop him as a friend. People tell me that I should get rid of negative people in my life. But this is easier said than done.
mentalhealth, Ive always been a loner and looking back have always had mental health issues. My parents are both a$sholes who should have never had kids and did not take responsibility to raise children in the slightest. I and a lot of my other family think I turned out a lot better than I should have under the circumstances I grew up on. Ive never have talked to anyone about my feelings at all because my parents have always been very mentally abusive so I always suppressed everything Ive felt. When I left high school I ghosted my only friends I cant explain why. When I left high school I got a job at a lumber yard and I thought I worked very hard and every one else thought I did to. Most days I come in very happy but my mood does go through waves and sometimes I think Im fine and acting normal but people are asking me if Im ok. There have been many things outside of work that have made my mood go up and down mostly family getting sick and looking back maybe depression. I never liked thinking of myself as depressed I think thats just because of my parents I just convinced myself my mental state was fine when looking back it wasnt. So I ended up getting my CDL (commercial drivers license) there and ended up leaving because my boss had some anger issues of his own and got sick of getting b#tched out for things I didnt do. After working there for 3 years I still didnt feel comfortable talking to my boss but put my 2 weeks in anyway because I knew it was the only right thing to do.Now I have a new job as a dump truck driver. I dont know what cause this wave of guilt recently but I regret the way I treated people in high school and looking back I feel like I did it because of anxiety. This job is going great I make a lot more money and dont mind the work but my life outside of work is the problem. I dont have any friends outside of work and have never been in a relationship ghosted my high school sweetheart that I had feelings for I have no idea why I ghosted her but it was 3 years ago so Im scared that ship sailed a long time ago. I really do love this new job. All of my superiors love me there they tell me all the time to keep up the great work and that really encourages me. I did talk about it to a friend he told me antidepressants changed his life and he use to be just like me. But Im afraid that if I seek help I might get diagnosed with something that theyll take away my license and I worked so hard for this license and is really the only thing Ive ever accomplished in my life. Is this a genuine concern? I was thinking about going to betterhelp or plushcare to get help would either of those mental health services even have power to do that? Is there anything else I can try I really feel like it wont get better on its own especially since Ive tried hiding it for 22 years and I feel like Im at my breaking point the loneliness is just getting to me. Despite how Ive felt Ive never had suicidal thoughts and it doesnt get in the way of my job. Any information or advice would be much appreciated.
depression, I turned 30 not too long ago.Thought Id have my life together by now. I dont. I rent an apartment I can barely afford and work at a job I cant stand because Im too depressed to seek out something else and lack a degree so Id just be stuck in another similar job position. My parents divorced when I was 3 and my mom remarried and basically abandoned me and my brother in our adolescence. Started a new family see her once a year if that and it never feels okay. I always feel sadness a lack of connection. Pain.Dad is all about work and me going back to school to get a degree. He doesnt seem to care about the issues I face mentally and emotionally. Ive never been good enough to him he doesnt think Ill amount to anything.Im dating a schizophrenic who was once married and has a kid he cant see. I feel like Im so numb to his abuse at this point and at the same time theres a trauma bond but of course its leading nowhere and hes so intensely religious (delusions) that I cant even relate. He refuses to take medication or to ever get married or have kids again. Ive been through so much heartache in the past and now and yet Im scared to be alone so much. Even though its probably better.I have like no friends anymore theyre all married with kids and we dont live close.I dont even know what Im getting at here Im laying in bed crying and just dont even know what to do anymore because I feel like the worlds against me  and am constantly getting hurt.Sending whatever love I have out to whoever is reading this if I can make one person feel less alone then Ill feel a bit better. ❤️
mentalhealth, I am no longer allowed at the place that offered me food security and a way to survive because of some bullshit that they blew out of proportion. I equally cannot afford to actually buy food because of bills I pay and being bad with my money. I equally do not have anything to fill my time with anymore. I put so much effort and energy into free labour for this dropin space and they always repayed me by treating me like shit. I want to die so bad because I am screwed.
depression, Im starting to think something is wrong with me besides my bipolar disorder.i know im in a depressed state right now but I should at least be able to somewhat concentrate. Im at a complete standstill and every time I start to try and study i just find myself going so slowly and not comprehending anything and hating everything and getting so frustrated. It just feels like im super scatter brained. Maybe Ive got ADD or some type of anxiety disorder or maybe its just a side effect from the depression but if i dont get my shit together im gonna fuck up my entire future in one day. I feel so fucking low right now.
depression, I used to be pretty and sexy.. now im just a gross pile of flesh that no one wants.. I hate myself.
depression, im so extremely lonely. i try so hard to make friends and all that jazz. but no one will ever want to be my friend. i have no idea what im doing wrong. i ca only assume god hates me and want me to suffer
depression, Hello everyone its been a good day today I was at my grandmas helping her put up her Christmas decorations because she needed help and I just love her with all my heart. My grandma is so amazing and even though she lives in a big house all by herself without my grandad I dont know if she is ever lonely or not.My grandad had a stroke about 4 years ago and we didnt expect it at all he was a healthy man. It shocked me so so much but we agreed as a family we were gonna do as much as possible. He moved from the hospital to a unit. He was safe and okay but then one day he had had enough and wanted to leave and he kept disrupting other patients which werent his fault. He then got moved to this really nice place where he would be given more care.My family and I were in Arundel for the day and it was such a nice day and the weather was amazing. Then my dad got a phone call from the hospital saying that my grandad had fallen and hit the corner of his head on a table. He was rushed to the hospital. We drove as quickly as we could to the hospital. A couple months passed and we thought he was doing really well. My dad had gone to the hospital as he did almost every day. That morning was a normal morning and I was playing the Xbox as per usual. My dad said he needed to speak to me and he told me that my Grandad had passed away. That moment I went silent and had to leave the room. I couldnt process it I didnt want to think that he was gone he meant so much to me and I couldnt help cry and cry and cry.I loved that man and I always willThis is what changed my life and I got more and more depressed I couldnt believe that I wont see him againI will always love you Grandad
mentalhealth, I know its not healthy but I need help and advice on how to suppress my emotions. I have no outlet for them and the times I slip up and show how I really feel it always ends bad for me. How do I maintain an outward appearance of okaynessor positivity and suppress and or get rid of my negative emotions even though sometimes I am really hurt or angry? Above all else I cant let my anger or annoyance show those really need to go if I am to maintain this fragile and I have.
depression, Hi my name is Tyler and I am going through an extreme state of depression. Ever since the death of my mother when I was at the age of five (I am currently 18) I have seen this world as a dark place. She was my best friend. Anyways ever since then I have not been able to focus on anything or keep a solid memory of anything.For all of my life I have seen my friends come and go I am a great person though (Not full of myself) I always put others before myself. But whats wrong with that.As of recently my depression has really been getting to me. I do not plan on killing myself or anything but it is really ruining my life. I am in my senior year and I never want to get out of bed in the morning because whenever I go to school I know that there is no one there for me and it will just be a day in what seems like prison and people constantly judging me I do not know if it is my school or not but I feel like there is absolutely no one there for me. And I do not know how im gonna carry on with my life like this.I really really want to get rid of this depression that ive had for the most part of my life. But I do not know how.
depression, Yeah about that...  I sleep all day and cant seem to get up because of severe anxiety and depression.  At night I play games watch tv series and eat junk food. Basically I do anything mildly fun to try distract myself from dwelling on how bad my life is.   Ive been doing this for several years and will continue to as I dont have the strength to fight on and I dont have the balls to kill myself.  Oh whoops did you think I was worth small talking to?
depression, The girl I have been with for about 18 months moved away about a year ago and we have been long distance for about 6 months. At first I did not want to do anything but remain friends as we likely wont be around each other for years and are young and life can be so complicated. She however convinced me to at least try and I did despite informing her of my worries and after a few months of trials and tribulations with myself and adjusting to a long term relationship I thought hell maybe this could work I just miss her. Then right before I go to visit her she basically repeats back to me what I warned her about in the beginning of all this that its not gonna work and says she still wants to see me despite us pretty much wrapping things up. I just feel a bit crushed and a bit stupid. I suppose I should have stuck with my guns to begin with huh? Still not sure if I should see her.
depression, I’ve had a good week and I feel like my happiness reaches its peak and it’s forced to fall down. I was so happy with class and how this week went by and then in a matter of hours I was already thinking how useless everything is.
depression, Usually at night this happens and i dont feel anxious. I know if i go to the doctor they dont do anything they are useless. Does anyone else get this and when it starts to get too hot ill get headaches. Its only my head my body is normal temp and im not sick or anything i feel good otherwise. It feels mostly on my forhead temples and ears. Its been happening for like 2 straight weeks now and the worst is always 2ish hours before i sleep. Anyone get this anyone know what it is?
mentalhealth, things keep happening to me i couldn’t help but to only get through it
depression, Basically title says it all Im not rich yet but Im just wondering whats that must be like? I may come into millions soon and Im not sure if that will make me happy? Ill still be lonely.
depression, TLDR:  I’m a 39 year old guy.  There is a woman that I have held feelings for nearly 20 years.  For the first time in 15 years I will actually be able to tell her how I feel but I don’t have any clue how or if I should.Let me start at the beginning.  I first met her (I will call her Maggie just to make things easy to understand) during the summer after graduating high school.  Maggie was the older sister of my ex-girlfriend’s friend (I hope you followed this although it doesn’t really matter).  A mutual friend of ours was involved in a life-threatening accident and we met one day while visiting at the hospital.We learned we had a number of things in common and overall just enjoyed each other’s company during a trying time.  We both had a morbid sense of humor came from similar small towns enjoyed acting among a number of other things.Now you might be thinking “Why didn’t you strike something up at that time 20 years ago?”  A couple of weeks prior my girlfriend dumped me as she was worried that I would forget about her when I was in college.  So I’m still sore from this and I know better than to jump from one girl to the next.Maggie was transferring to the same university that I was which was nice as I didn’t know anyone at the college aside from my roommate.  She had an apartment with a couple of her friends and we all got along very well.I became busy with my studies and working as I was paying my own way through college.  We continued to hang out as our schedules allowed until my Sophomore year.I didn’t have the money to continue on with my education.  I had some friends from a town 30 minutes away that had a spare bedroom so I moved in with them.  Then Maggie and I started to drift a bit.  We weren’t walking distance away anymore it was before texting was a thing and we were both 20 somethings just starting to make our lives.  Every now and then we would catch back up but it was very infrequent.A few years passed.  I ended up moving back to town as I still worked there and at this time Maggie was seeing someone as was I.Another year passes and I find myself single and depressed.  My gf packed up and moved out without a word one day I was at work.  Being it was also a week before my birthday it hit me pretty hard.  I hardly left my apartment anymore began drinking a lot and ultimately became really self-destructive.I don’t really recall what pulled us back together again.  What I do remember is Maggie encouraging me for the past few years to audition for the local community theater show and heavily encouraging me to do so with the upcoming production.  So I did.  I got cast and unfortunately she did not.  But she couldn’t have been happier for me if she tried.Around this time her roommates were moving out so she was looking for a place of her own.  There was an open apartment in the same building as me so I suggested she look into that.  Soon after Maggie and her sister moved in down the hall from me.It was great.  We basically kept both of our places open to each other with the “Kramer” knock and enter approach.  I think the only time either of us locked our doors was when we were away sleeping or required privacy.I got to know Maggie’s boyfriend (Let’s call him Bill) pretty well.  He was a nice guy liked comics art and working out.  We talked a lot and he grew to be a good friend.  And I couldn’t be happier for Maggie; she had someone that she cared deeply for and made her happy.After a little while I was looking to cut some expenses and find a roommate.  Talking with Bill he was looking for a place along with his sister so the 3 of us ended up renting a house together.  At first everything was awesome.  But then I started to see “behind the curtain” so to speak.Bill had some selfish and narcissistic tendencies.  Any time he and Maggie got into a fight he seemed to find solace in another woman who spent a fair number of nights over with him.  This always put me in a tough position.  I could A) Tell Maggie about Bill which more than likely wouldn’t be received very well and then cause my living situation to become very unpleasant or B) Say nothing accepting that someone else’s relationship is not my business and risk Maggie feeling like I betrayed her by not speaking up.I went with option B banking on the fact if Maggie did find out that she would understand the position that I was in.  Ultimately I’m unsure if she ever did find out about this but as I wasn’t positive about what Bill and his visitor was doing I still feel justified and satisfied with my choice.  I ended up moving out after a year wanting to remove myself from the situation all together. We fell out of contact for a while again at this point.  Like the last time we would have a blast when we did get together but it just wasn’t as common.  Bill had moved in with Maggie and she was happy.A couple of years later I heard they were getting married.  This was probably the weirdest feeling that I had ever had.  On one hand I was happy for her.  Maggie always came off as a woman that loved the simple pleasures and I knew she wanted a family.  On the other hand I hated the fact that Bill the guy who didn’t seem like Mr. Monogamy was the guy she was marrying.  And just like the last time I had to make a choice I continued to keep my business to myself.I never got an invitation to the wedding.  This hurt me quite a bit.  I had heard it was a small wedding at Maggie’s parent’s house but I had thought we were good enough friends to warrant an invite.At this point we really didn’t hang out except in social groups.  I think it was partly she was busy with her life and new family and partly due to me not wanting to interfere or be a 3rd wheel.  In any case we would run into each other from time to time catch up for a bit and go on with our lives.  Over this time I had been trying to recruit her to come work for me as she would would be great in sales.  Then one day Maggie was let go from her employer.We were on one of our “out-of-touch” stretches at this point.  I had heard that she was let go through mutual friends.  She essentially was in a train your replacement scenario and just was never told that was what was happening until the replacement was ready.Maggie was unemployed for a couple of months.  She was either overqualified or just passed over at every place she went to.  Then one day I learned my assistant manager was about to be promoted.  So I reached out to Maggie knowing she was still looking for work.As we talked she told me that she was getting a divorce from Bill.  He had been demanding condescending and all around not a good person.  It sounded like the time she spent unemployed didn’t help matters either.  And then there was the fact that they were trying to have children but couldn’t.  With all of the stress that was there it just wasn’t meant to be and I was proud of her for getting out of the situation.Maggie interviewed and nailed the process.  We reached out to her and offered her a job.I want to be clear at this point as my professional integrity is sacred to me.  I have never and would never do anything to compromise my integrity.  I understood the position that I was putting myself into and I accepted the fact.  Maggie was going to be my assistant manager at work and a friend outside of work and that would be all.  Additionally my company does not permit employees dating in their management chain (which is completely understandable) so I wouldn’t want to put my job in jeopardy.It’s been this way for years now.  We have worked extremely well with each other and we’ve been successful in each of our positions.  A month ago I accepted a position within the same company at a different location which would now take Maggie out of my management chain.So here’s the rub.  Maggie means a lot to me.  Now that I find myself in a position to actually speak up and tell her how I’ve felt I’m worried that it will destroy the friendship we have had for all these years.  Part of me says that our friendship will endure as it always have especially now that we are both mature adults.  But then I can’t help but think about how terrible it would be if she wasn’t in my life at all if she didn’t want to be around me in the chance that she doesn’t feel the same way as I do.And then there is yet another part of me doesn’t know how I would deal with the rejection.  She means so much to me that I would break if I got shot down.  But then on the other hand I’ve been constantly biting back the words I want to say for some time now.I realize this has been a long story but I felt it was necessary to detail out my conflicting feelings.  It’s further complicated by the damn Hollywood portrayals of “love conquerors all” and how the “good guy wins in the end.”  Nearing 40 now I’m terrified of being friendzoned especially by someone that I care so much for.  That coupled with depression and often feeling like I’m worthless and not worthy of someone like Maggie’s love that I’m fearful of being rejected.Thank you for taking the time to hear my tale of confusion and fear.
mentalhealth, Im thinking about checking myself in as soon as Im done with finals this week. Im not sure how to prepare myself.
depression, I have a three year old child that I love desperately so I have to be around for. My first suicide attempt was about ten years ago and I wish that I would have just managed to go through with all the way instead of chickening out and half-arsing it. Then I wouldnt be here now in this horrible life. I told myself it would get better but it hasnt and now I dont even have the option of ending it because I need my child to be okay so I need to be here. I cant do this much longer but here I am still doing it all for my lovely daughter. God I wish I had died years ago.
depression, Regrets everywhere!So many people hate me or are just much better off without me!I regret so many things!Hooray
mentalillness, I [13FTM] feel like such a goddamn failure. I honestly dont know who I am anymore how other people see me who I should be. I feel completely disconnected from younger me like they died somehow and they are not me. I think they died in vain because I already fucked my new life up. Every day its like my emotions control me. One minute I’m happy and the next I want to hit somebody. Tiny things set me off and Im aware of what Im doing when Im angry but it feels right and justified but also completely out of my control. I tend to regret things I do when Im mad after the fact but when Im angry those things will feel right again: process repeats until I don’t know how I should feel about it. When Im sad or upset I partially shut down so that I can’t fuck nothing up anymore Ill just get overwhelming feelings of self-hatred that somewhat disappear afterwards but I feel like a stupid fuck for being so sensitive. I hate people in general because most of them end up fucking me over somehow but at the same time I’m terrified of getting left in the dust once Ive forced a bond. Im a perfectionist and Im scared of making mistakes in case Ill be seen as a failure in other peoples eyes and abandoned. Sometimes Ill stay up late worried about something minor a friend did that I perceived as them hating me or being mad at me and then end up preparing myself for the hypothetical scenario where they insult me hit me harass me abandon me etc. that never happens but I’m still paranoid. I dont know whats wrong with me. I wish I could be normal. I dont know how to fix this.
depression, I think that is why we are depressed. We think more intellectuallyWe see through all the bull shitWe arent as brain washed as everyone elseWe see the world for how it truly is.The problem isnt us it is our society who likes buying into all this ridiculous shit and what their idea of normal is.If the world ended I think we would survive because nobody else would know how to survive because I dont think  they would know how to live without their amenities of the world that have brain washed them.They are naive ignorant and close minded.Im not trying to insult anyone but those people are the reason we feel this way.You tell me who the bigger monster is...
depression, Hey Ive been trying to find the answers to the universe for about 4 - 5 years now. Ive been driving myself insane daily while begging G-d for the truth of life every. single. day. I used to take psychedelics and I used to be an atheist after I did psychedelics I found proof of an afterlife then eventually I started believing in G-d. The TV talks to me every time I looked at the clock (literally right now its happening its 11:44) I see things like 11:11 12:34 1:11 etc. EVERY TIME I LOOK. Its always when i dont mean to look. Ive been studying Kabbalah for ages im 18 all I want is to meet G-d. I am an orthodox Jew. I thought I finally met the girl of my dreams and we were actually talking about getting married. I was finally graduating and I was going to move out get a place and get a ring and everything. All we would talk about is how cool G-d is and how amazing life is wed talk about fractals chemistry the Torah and its secrets wed talk about how life is a simulation made of circuit spheres (atoms) and how everything is just a manifestation of G-d. Out of nowhere she says I cant do this I cant be a Jew. and then just completely stops talking to me. Fuck. Ive been in tears for fucking weeks all I want is her. This isnt your typical crush this was the most magical girl I have ever met I was so happy. Im crushed. I want to die life just keeps confusing me. I want the answers of life but any time i tell people they just say hey man you just need to let go of that Jew stuff I think its driving you insane but theyre wrong its the only thing that has given me any answers. I just want to reach enlightenment and meet G-d but I feel like life is a prank. I dont know how to do this. I feel numb every day while I get bombarded by synchronicity. Dont say Im schizophrenic im not. My mental health is fine I dont care if you believe me. I Just want to talk to someone who /does/ believe me and who can help me. I have been through some really weird shit and I cant tell anyone because theyll probably send my ass to a mental hospital. I havent hung out with anyone in 2 years nor do I even want to. Im tired of small talk I Just want G-d. I dont want friends I want G-d and a wife. I want that girl back I want to be happy. There has to be more to life than just materialistic bullshit I KNOW there is. Please help me I doubt anyone else will relate here but I guess its kind of worth a shot Ive been trying to find someone else who relates I only know 1 other person. I feel so alone I feel like Max Cohen from the movie Pi. I feel like a spec of dust I just want the truth of life I want fulfillment. I want my soulmate. I want G-d. I really just hope every day Ill find that one person who believes me and who will understand what im going through and learn with me. I cant stand this. Every day I beg for truth I look for answers I try so many things. All Ive done these past few days is laid down and listened to depressing music. I have NO ONE to talk to. I have literally no one. I have my family but they dont understand whats going on with me at all nobody does. My life is a movie its too bizarre and I dont dare say other things on here its too weird. Everyone ends up leaving because they think im fucking insane.
depression, Its not that I love her any less its just that the shadow of my depression is creeping over my love for her.
depression, I hate my self. Im so damn useless that even sakura is more useful than me.
depression, Ive been feeling really down lately. I have cried my self to sleep two night out of the week already. I have also been feeling very suicidal (tho I wont do anything and am trying not to self harm). Dose anyone have ideas on how to get out of the manic depression moop?
depression, I followed her initially and after a period of time she followed me back. Have had a few interesting conversations with her and from the pics she has put up she is quite good looking. We both live in the same country but she has a boyfriend (says in her bio)Its nothing. Really nothing. Shes just cute thats all but this is me all over. If any pretty girl or even moderately good looking girl (in my eyes anyway) shows me the slightest bit of affection its like I latch onto it and start thinking up these silly scenarios in my head like shes really into me and were going to start dating. Am I desperate or just lonely? Perhaps both.When Im scrolling through my timeline in bed and see one of her tweets I want to reply to it but not every single one because then it looks really obvious. But then why post anything if you dont want someone to reply to it?It makes me laugh I even posted this... its just a pretty girl on Twitter who I barely even know... it would be like having a Tinder date (no offence to anyone that uses that but personally would find that to be a weird experience)So yeah... nothing serious or anything. But I feel better when Im talking with her. Even if I am cheating somewhat as its still over a screen if that makes sense (as in Im still not really being social social media feels fake really)
depression, ive basically dealt with a mental ill mother my whole life. i dont really remember much of my childhood that wasnt filled with misery and grief because of her.  I would never deny how lucky i have been to have travelled around parts of the world have an amazing brother and great friends but sometimes i feel like my life is totally empty.  My mother practically bullied me as a child not physically but mentally more than i even care to think about and ive never done anything but try to help her when she gets sectioned i visit whenever she needs me i do what i can but its just never enough im continuously fighting a losing battle and i cant escape.  I love her unconditionally i always will but shes completely drained me i barely have anything left and i used to have so much love and energy to give which in turn depresses me more because ive lost such a huge part of myself and i dont think i will ever get it back. As a child i was always the dramatic one at school i was loud and popular and got on with most people. i went to a good school and should have been well educated but i could never focus on anything lessons were spend worrying about my mum what she would be like when i got home would she even be there when i got home? would my dad be there? would she be in hospital again? My dad had a habit of leaving when things got really bad leaving myself and my brother to attempt to pick up the pieces.  i spent nights alone in my room trrying to block out the screaming and fighting that was going on. Even then i thought about suicide my attempts were perhaps a little far-fetched and more a cry for help than anything else but nobody ever seemed to notice i guess it was just another hassle. I started to feel a bit better about myself and the world when i moved out of home but then she had more reasons to moan and because worse but because i wasnt there i didnt have to see it all the time which i no is selfish of me and its something that i shouldnt hide from.  I was going through a really difficult path around the time of my 22nd birthday i was in a terrible relationship and my mum was at a really low point i got so drunk i dont remember much i remember bringing  a few friends back to my house after everyone had gone to bed i went into the kitchen got a knife sat on the floor and started to cut at my arms i thought it would help and i some way for a moment i guess it did i was scratching my skin teasing and taunting myself until the scratched started to bleed and the knife started go in a little deeper every time i was crying uncontrollably but couldnt stop myself from watching myself bleed. A friend came in and saw the state i was in and like any good friend just held me and tried to calm me down they will never know how eternally grateful i will be for that.As the years have gone by i still cannot focus every day is another day that goes by that i spend worrying about things i have absolutely no control over i know deep in my heart the battle will never truly end.  But ive tried so hard to prevent it taking complete control over my life but i can feel myself becoming stuck in a rut more so than i have ever felt before and i really dont have a clue what to do about it.  I hate talking about my problems because i feel like im spreading burdens and id never intentionally want to do that to a person.  I know i need to get help but i dont know what kind of help it is i need.  I can still smile and things do make me happy but i have lost the ability to feel happiness.  Im surround by love from friends and family and i love back but its with such a heavy heart.  I need to learn how to control my feelings and accept the love i have around me. Shutting things off is impossible to me but i know managing emotional is not.  I know im not alone and i know that some many people are far worse off than i am and i tell myself over and over again that im lucky for what i do have.I have tried many different approaches to the situation i am in ive been the lowest of the low done things i regret been heart broken to the point of no repair but i will not give up on her or on myself or any person that i know who has ever felt this way im in a dark place at the moment but i live in hope that it wont last forever that is the only thing that ever has and ever will get my through.
depression, I had severe depression for 6 years roughly it was pretty horrible i couldnt get out of bed half the days and even if i did it was struggle to force myself to do anything except play games maybe. It ruined the best years of my life (14-20) and it changed me on fundamental level and not in a good way necessarily. After long arduous struggle of being in my own head that took so many damn years i finally beat it(it was super hard doing this shit alone without friends medication etc). And now when i (23 currently) want to do something i feel super confident about doing that things because if other people could do it so can i after all i have experienced far worse than they ever will. I am wondering if people who beat depression feel the same way.
depression, I know that Im sad all the time. But I zone out constantly. Some times I do things without realizing I did them. Then I suddenly notice. Whenever something slightly bad happens; like knocking someones paper or a chair down in accident I can only think about that for hours. When I stop a bit I still think about it for months and obsess over it. And when I know something is going to happen I start to flip out. Like  I knew I was going to have to write and perform a story in drama and there are lots of people who dont like me in the class.  So I kept breaking down and hyperventilating while I cried as I tried to write it. I couldnt catch my breath and everything felt wrong. Im not sure whats going on.
socialanxiety, This is one of the biggest problems I have with social anxiety. If I’m in a setting where I feel very socially anxious my anxiety becomes so bad that I can’t focus on anything besides how fucking anxious I am. Someone could be explaining to me how to do something and majority of it just goes in one ear and right out the other. So I end up coming off as stupid because I don’t know what they just said/explained. I’ve honestly just given up on trying to pay attention in lectures or classes that make me socially anxious because I can’t retain any of the information that is being taught in the moment. If I go home and read it alone or watch a video etc I can comprehend perfectly and understand but it’s like the second my social anxiety kicks in my brain just goes numb and I can’t think for myself. I really hate it so much. I have opinions and things I want to share to people but it’s like my brain won’t fucking work to let me talk and explain it in depth.
depression, Im going to start faking being happy not because I want to be happy and want to fake it until I make it but because it seems like in this world you cant be depressed or anxious or anything without being seen like an fucking alien.You cant just do your job its never enough to please people it seems people expect you to fucking be their best friend too? I just wonder why? I never realized how rare it must be to have anxiety or depression because it seems like almost everyone I interact with in day to day life seems to just be over the moon and flowing with confidence. I just think to myself no wonder people fucking kill themselves you know? How are people like me supposed to get by in this world faking every moment of every day faking being happy to please others but never yourself? You can say you dont have to but you do you cant do anything in this world without playing some sort of bullshit emotional or mental chess with people and its fucking exhausting. At least Ill have time at home to fucking sleep God thats all I want is to just sleep and then one day wake up with my life being ready to be over.
depression, morning: used last dollars for drugs instead of food.noon: puked in my bed after long session of crying (luckily just bile and water)night: sliced my finger trying to open a can of beans without a can openner (didnt even open it in the end)now: crying knowing tomorrow will be almost the same just without the drugsI just cant wait for tomorrow gonna be a blast. (if at least I had access to a gun this sentence would be funny)
mentalhealth, Okay so I was just feeling empty on Monday 4th sitting in my bed not wanting to live anymore. I dropped out of school quit my shitty job and stopped taking specific medicine because it wasnt working on me. I felt numb... not sad or even mad... just empty. I decided on that day that I needed to get help and being stuck at home wasnt going to help anything so I called my mom and told her the news and she was like Wait until I get home and well talk about it.I agreed but my decision was already made. I packed my things called my grandma and texted everyone I knew that I was going in. My toxic ex-friend was rude my good best friend was understanding my brother was mixed and my sister found out later I checked in. When my mom came home there was no convincing me and I was ready to check in. We left at 7pm and went to this really fancy hospital... lets call it TS TS was the best facility I could find especially since my first stay in a ward wasnt great so I picked the best one.My mom tried to be supportive but kept complaining about missing her shows and how this never happened to her other kids when she said I had her leave while waiting for the exam doctor. I know my mom means well and she was somewhat supportive while I was in the hospital but it didnt feel like she was all there for me you know what I mean?Anyway Tuesday was my official first day in treatment and I met a lot of nice people being there and one girl who bless her heart was struggling with severe bipolar and so it made her hyper angry and annoying. Again she meant well but it was a lot to take in... like a lot. Not a lot of people liked her I talked to her a lot of times and she seems again like she means well. We all do mean well in that hospital. One girl told me I didnt have bipolar because I didnt experience mania anymore (I have in the past and recently before I got back on lithium to the point I felt like I was having a heart attack) and she basically all but implied I was doing it for attention. Yeah my crying fits tantrums freakouts panic attacks and suicide attempts were ALL for attention!Groups were nice but I took lots of naps while in there so I skipped a few but for the one I went to I learned about A.C.C.E.P.T.S. time management smart goals gratitudes etc. Im happy for what I learned and Im still trying to apply them to my life its hard but its a learning experience and one Im glad to try and do. When my brother found out he gave me terrible advice and said using hardcore drugs and smoking weed would cure my bipolar 2. So yeah might need to talk to him less but my sister was actually supportive and my grandma... wow she was like there for me and helped me out all the way through my treatment I talked to her every day and while some of her advice was the simple Trust Jesus but she told me a lot of information and advice that really helped me! I wish my mom couldve been that supportive again she was there for me as much as she could be sent me money and whatnot but you know how a normal person will never understand the mental instability of a person? Thats my mom. Im not saying everyone is like that but my mom was and doesnt fully understand the fact I have bipolar 2 (or if not that something) and I need help. My stay at TS was calm and wild at the same time. Finally got to watch deadpool 2 and met some new friends but would I ever want to go back there? No! And Im going to do everything outside of those walls to feel better and find my purpose in the world. I can do this. Ive got it in me and may even blog here to help me cope.But as for right now Im jobless not going to school tiktok videos to make and have over 50 books to read in the next few months. Oh and money from my taxes to hold me over until next year as long as I budget it. Wish me luck on my journey guys. Im gonna need it.
depression, I’ve been working out regularly for the first time in years and by regularly I mean daily for over a month. I’ve been eating healthy and started that before my workout regimen. Regular bed and wake time which I’m breaking right now to write this (almost Never happens). I cleaned the fuck out of my room spotless yesterday and vowed not to eat in there anymore (only drink tea while working). Here’s the kicker I feel worse than before. The despair just keeps getting darker. I’ve felt like this my entire life but I swear everyday it feels worse. I just don’t know what to do.What are other things I can do to make this go away? How can I start functioning again?I’ve tried every fucking medication they could throw at me I’m looking for behavioral changes.Edit : title should say “(even people on this sub)”
depression, I’m so lost right now I don’t know what to do. A wave of emotions hit me today and I broke friendships. Fuck
socialanxiety, Just wanted to see if theres anyone interested in finding someone to game with. I find it quite difficult to speak out in online games and I know others do too. I think it would be good practise and learn to feel more comfortable with people that understand the struggle. Am in Australia. Would actually enjoy learning a new game and giving it a shot. Games I already play a bit are Valorant and Dead by Daylight.Please send a message if interested or just wanna give a shot
depression, I has always been a very shy guy exceptionally gifted and a lot of problems in my family.This year I started to study journalism and the first day I went to the college my mother had a psychotic break which caused me som crisis in a month.In december I was so stressed I thought about suicide more than 10 times but I did not do it.Now school year ended I will leave the degree and I will not see the 2 guys I used to talk with because they are not from my town.I can call them real friends we talked about matters I do not talk with friends I know several years ago and we opened to each others.Now I know I will not see them again a slab is in my chest I feel it is killing me I cant cry and I feel crying would help me but the worst thing is that dark thoughts are back.Wish you can help me this is my first post here
depression, I finally did it today is the day my depression has finally pushed away the last person that I cared about.  Its funny when people say theyll always be there for you or that you can count on them anytime. But when you actually ask them to be there for you when you need them most its too much for them to handle.They were there for me at the beginning and I really do appreciate the time theyve been there for me. But today they finally said they no longer want to talk to me and are done responding to me. I guess it was a matter a time. I wish people were more empathetic and saw that I wasnt trying to push them away.
depression, Today at lunch one of the two friends that i was with started talking about how a kid supposedly committed suicide that had been playing videogames in his servers community. he said that one guys reaction to hearing the news was laughing hysterically then the other friend said  if you commit suicide you deserve to be laughed at. I dont usually get offended by anything but as an ex-suicidal person it hit me pretty hard. what are your thoughts on this and have you ever seen anyone that has a similar opinion on the topic? i hope not ;(
mentalhealth, Ever since I was a kid I never had the mental or physical energy to exceed. I manage to do the bare minimum but as soon as I get to put in work into something important I drain myself in minutes. I get sleepy feeling my limbs light and cant keep up with nobody. Its like my body refuses to cooperate. Its not something recent like I said Ive been like this since childhood as far as I can remember. I do bloodwork and yearly doctor check every February and there has never been anything physical that suggest a problem with me. I do have anxiety suffer from overthinking diagnosed with depression and ADD so I think it must be something in my brain.   What do you think?
depression, So Im at the point where I know I definitely need some help. The problem is I will go to the ends of the earth to give the impression that everything is okay.People are starting to notice Im having issues at work and Im weepy all of the time. Whenever anyone questions me though I laugh it off and say I have a really bad headache or some other lame excuse. They know Im lying.I desperately need someone to do something but its like a defense mechanism that kicks in becuase Im scared of the consequences. If someone asked me did I think about suicide Id lie and say no in case that started a chain reaction. I dont want the drama that will ensue I dont want to be a burden and I dont want the judgement. I know Id be supported (if perhaps not understood) in work if I owned up but I seem to prefer to keep it to myself. I know they cant wave a magic wand so deep down I think whats the point in asking for help? And really why should they care?Anyone else have this problem?
depression, 21 and have never had a true relationship. Ive gotten a taste Ive hooked up with girls and Ive been led on by girls who then break my heart. I always attract users and narcissists maybe because they can smell how naïve and desperate I am.Last girl I met talked with me for a year. She felt like the only girl who understood my depression and we talked all the time. Made me feel special and gave me sex. But it was all a lie so she had company while she waited to get back with someone else. She wont even talk to me as a friend anymore she ended up ghosting me as soon as they got back together. One year of a fucking lie for absolutely nothing.I want to share love with someone but I get used by people who want to make their exes jealous. Im a person not an object that you can just throw away when you find a new one.
depression, Just like the title says. I dont know what to do anymore. I dont know who to turn to to talk about things either.   I have a therapist I talk to regularly but I feel like I cant talk to her honestly anymore. I have no job. I have been searching for one with the help of a group who helps people like me get jobs. But I got no luck. Every time I bring up this subject or anything related to work my case worker and my therapist always say 2 different things which is very confusing and just makes me feel like I cant trust either of them. My therapist thinks my case worker is failing me but the truth is Im failing myself (no motivation to keep applying to jobs nowadays) and my case worker is just a lady doing her job as best as she can with the limited info I give. I cant trust myself because all I do is start projects and what seems like realistic goals only to end up not finishing them in some way. I keep breaking promises. I cant trust others either. People are full of lies and empty platitudes. They say your doing a good job while also transferring you around from department to department changing your work constantly like they dont know what to do with you and then kick you out once the 3 month probation is over. I dont know who to trust anymore and Im just getting worse day by day. I kept a journal to keep track of my good habits but that isnt helping me anymore. Just seeing a list of goals is painful no matter how small that goal is. Cause the only realistic thing I can do is lay in bed all day and do nothing. I wish I could just be in my own dimension with just me and no need for things like food water money or any contact with reality. Or some sort of goddess who is unstoppable and can control absolutely everything in this world just to be able to live a normal life.
depression, Just feeling stuck in the mud and the more I try the deeper I sink... my wife of 5 years and partner of 10 told me she wants to leave me a few months ago and it feels like nothing has improved. I lost trust in her and it feels like she doesnt care. On top of that work feels like its going to shut down not only is it the longest job Ive held but its been a great place to work at. Idk anymore... I have much to live for but I still feel the way I feel.
depression, A longtime “friend” just asked if I was done “playing sad boy.”Alright prepare for a bit of rant. Please read and respond if you feel so inclined. I don’t have anyone in my life who also has bipolar disorder who might be able to really understand this situation. So thank you in advance. This old friend I’ve been rather close with off on on over twenty years messaged me on Instagram asking “done playing sad little boy?” When I questioned what he meant by that he said he sent me a video of him singing a song for me to cheer me up and since I hadn’t responded in three months he wouldn’t indulge me with a response. He said I should wake the fuck up and that there are people that care about me.Okay......It’s been a week and I’m still thinking about it. If I offend someone with my suicidal depression by ignoring them I’m sorry. It is something I think about and feel guilty about. Just like if I killed myself id feel guilty for others but one reason people may kill themselves is often because the pain is so bad they see no other way to end. These past six months have been so hard. I’ve been at the end of my rope hopeless from trying to many meds and being suicidally depressed again therapy not working all many of holistic methods and practical ways to combat depressions not being able to stave off episodes. However what I have a very real illness. These things won’t cure it only treat it. It’s natural that things can and do get so dark for me. Of course I do feel bad that it negatively affects others. In fact this is one of the many things that help that wonderful dark spiral down. It’s just so bizarre to me. Its so frustrating I wanna cry. Having an illness that’s majorly upset my life for the past sixteen years in and out of mostly depressive sometimes manic cycles it takes a toll on relationships. Mental illness can be a strain just as much as chronic physical illnesses I suppose. I’m trying to see things fromHis point of view and maybe he’s seen me so depressed so often and to him he has no idea what it’s like it just appears to be “an act?” Like- this again? Get over it! Get over yourself! Do something! ( as if I didn’t spend YEARS with this same internal dialogue) “Wake the fuck up and realize people care about you!” He said. If people caring about me could cure me when I’m in the depths of my illness that’d  be great! Or not even cure me but at least help at all! It’s feels like such a mindfuck to have some say that to me. It could so easily put me back into that old way of thinking I suffered in for so long feeling like such a failure. Like there’s something wrong with me or I’mGuilty of something in some way. That I could better if I just tried.telling me to wake up- did I ever consider there are other people in the universe that need love and attention ? Guilt tripping someone  in a suicidal depression isn’t that grand?the mindfuck continues because before he sent me the video we had chatted about a month before and when I mentioned I was depressed he told me to dance it out. Maybe I didn’t react diplomatically cause this really upset me. Its a trigger I could say. Telling me to talk a walk when I’m trying to express the depths of my pain. It’s dismissive. I feel into that trap for so many years letting myself and others tell me just to do this or that without acknowledging the futility of it. This produced so much shame for me I’d just isolate for months and years while depressed. I tried explaining to him why this was upsetting and offensive to me. He didn’t respond and chose to IGNORE me and not respond to my messages. Then sent the video a month later. Than got mad three months later when I didn’t respond to his attempt to cheer me up. Okay......I want to write him this big email detailing all these points and questioning him. But really I just want to ask him one illuminating questions that I’m afraid to have answered- Do you believe bipolar disorder/manic depressions is real or imagined? Do you believe mental illness has a biological basis that at times is unaffected outside therapeutic influences?I guess it all comes down to that that’s the real core of the issue. Do you believe bipolar disorder is real or imagined and made up? It makes me anxious- the thought of engaging further tho-  in case I get the same guilt victim blaming gaslighty invalidating response. It’ll definitely end things at least until he can come around and at least attempt to understand.I know I’mNot perfect and very flawed. I know I might do things that hurt others. I know there may of been times when I upset him or others because of my reaction to his feeble attempt to “help me” or cheer me up. I guess I’m realizing the reason I react so strongly is because when people respond to me in a manner that implies I’m making up my illness indulging it or not doing enough it pisses me off and makes me mad/sad to no end. I gaslit myself for too many years. I’m only now starting to have the language to understand and explain this. Thanks for reading.
depression, I hate myself. All my friends were making plans for spring break right in front of me talking about how theyre going to go on a trip together and get lit (which sounds fucking terrible to do) and they proceeded to invite a new member of our group to go and told him to not feel pressured for wanting to go and not be invited. (fun fact half the group were my closest friends in high-school) And they just kept fucking talking about how much fun it will be while im just sitting there trying to build up the courage to ask but by the time i had something the topic had changed and it just got quiet and awkward. is it my fault for not saying anything or are they bad friends? I cant fucking tell and it just sounds like its my fault. I went to my room because the lack of conversation made me feel exposed and like I was killing everyones vibe and guess what. Now theyre all laughing with each other and enjoying themselves. How the fuck can i just change everything about who I am im just so undesirable to be around. &amp;#x200B;anyway the rants over sorry for wasting your time &amp;#x200B;also sorry if this sounds fake its my first post here and i just needed to say this shit so that it doesnt build up inside me and end badly
depression, A friend of mine recently lost his job and for a while it seemed Ok. Starting up a new business posting on facebook about everything he was doing starting at the gym.After about a month he stopped coming when friend gather not even stopping by on Wednesdays when everybody makes an extra effort to come to Wednesday Club (Informal gathering of abut 20 people when everybody is there)People were talking about F. being in a dark place but after seeing him in the street and shouting for his attention and being ignored i was told that he wanted to be left alone. Im not good at close relationships that is why this group of people are sort of a extended family. When I saw F. i knew I had to do something. He looked grey. He looked Fat. And I remember him telling that once upon a time he had been Fat and depressed and got a gastric bypass. I dont think he has anyone else.Yesterday I wrote him telling him i could not let him Be as i Had heard he requested. I told him that I could see he was not well. I told him I would help if not me to reach out to anyone. I Told him to go for at coffee or a walk with a friend. I told him I would be that friend.My thinking Is that I will keep on reaching out to him Every morning. Letting Him know Im there when he decides to try and leave the dark place.I cant pretend to know what depression is. I have only had small periods where i dont want to see people it usually takes a couple of days. Almost always in the winter time.Am I doing the right thing? Reaching out after been told to leave him alone?
depression, Im thinking about getting some help and Have a few questions on what to expect if I did. Im also in the UK if that helps.If I were to go and see a GP and they prescribed something how much would they usually prescribe? Is it a large amount of medication? Does it state whether they are anti-depressants usually?Also if i were prescribed medication would I be asked to attend a follow up appointment at some point? If so how often?
depression, I have so much going on in my life at the moment that i feel like I haven’t stop to check how i feel. As im sitting in my living room writing in my notebook about everything that’s going on. Some how i write “ i feel so alone” “ i need someone to save me” and I can’t figure out how i got to feeling this way. I feel like my head is so mess up right now. So many feelings hitting me as i write.
depression, What to do if youre useless and facing the pressure of everyone because of your useless condition?
depression, When will it stop? Please brain. Just fucking stop making me feel like shit. Every goddamn day or more like hour  is just repeated thoughts of how much I hate myself every single imperfection every cringeworthy action every lonely night and day all my missed chances all my bad decisions and all my stresses. I want it to stop but it wont fucking stop. I swear to god I try every day but it keeps fucking happening.I want to scream and punch the goddamn walls until my knuckles bleed profusely. I am so stupid. What the hell am I still doing here? Theres nothing. Fucking nothing left for me. And Im still young. Please save me. Remind me again about what I might have.Please.
depression, I’ve been fighting with it my entire life since I was born lately I’ve been tired of it. I guess we all know that I’m gonna end up kms but seems like no one is able to face it. I don’t even know what am I writting I’ve been really lost at times.
depression, Today was going well. I finally caught up on college work but it stressed me out I started smoking again. I was happy and thrilled today but I went to work and I was on the department on my own. The dream job I was going for was given to my best friend. I didn’t know what to say. I couldn’t say oh that should’ve been me. It sucks. I blacked out and found some fresh wounds on my wrist. It sucks a lot that I can do that. I know I’m not the only one who’s done it I guess I just wanted to tell someone because I can’t tell anyone I’m friends with because I don’t know how they will react. Thank you for listening to me I’m just greatful I can tell someone
depression, So I had a consultation for an experimental depression treatment and she asked me about my depression and how it’s affecting my life. Perfectly normal and expected questions for this sort of thing. I couldn’t speak. When I think about anything remotely unpleasant I just sob. I have ADHD and anxiety too. So the thing is when I think of sad things I feel all of them all at once. It’s just waves and waves of grief and the utmost despair pouring over me. She tried to have me do breathing exercises but that barely helped. I just choked out what I could embarrassed overwhelmed and devastatingly broken. I used to never cry and now I make up for all of those years at the drop of a hat. She diagnosed me with PTSD and severe mental trauma but I never considered myself a candidate for those diagnoses. When she explained them it made sense but it didn’t make it easier to stop wailing like I’d been shot in the kneecap. I hate this. I sincerely hope this treatment works. I can’t fathom a life where it doesn’t and I’m stuck like this.
mentalhealth, Basically for the past 4 years Ive felt nearly nothing went to get help but it only made things worse and now Ive woke up today and wanted to die. How can I make it through the day? (If anyone responds: sorry I cant answer immediately Im  at work)
depression, about 3 years ago I had bedbugs and literal tossed my bed/boxstring out my window and I ended up spreading lots of  diatomaceous earth everywhere all over my house and well that began my obsession I dont have the funds to afford an exterminator and it really put me in a pretty dark place for a good few months thinking that I would be stuck with them forever because I had heard many say that it was impossible to get rid of I know it does not sound that bad but when you mind constantly has you thinking of something like bedbugs all the time it makes things bad I wake up a couple of time throughout the night and check my bed throughout my day I end up checking my bed a few time I am always paranoid when I get an itch and I end up getting really depressed when I think too much on it but today I went to clean my pillow cases and found a small brown spot (only one single spot that was a stain) and I went into a panic attack thinking it was caused by a bedbug and have been overly depressed since thinking I have to go through it again I just dont know what to do this obsession is ruining my life.
mentalhealth, Hello I am 21 year old male and my mother has a really weird behavior and want to know if shes really ill or shes just like that.Ive grown up in divorce of both parents and since then my mother has become extremely overprotective to an insane scale. It gets worse over the years.She doesnt let me go out and meet with people. I am locked at home. She yells at me about the smallest thing and doesnt respect me as a human being. She says that since I am her son she has all rights on me and I must always listen to her.She lives in a total social isolation. She always confronts people and creates scandals wherever she goes. She believes to be in relationship with Jesus Christ and communicates with him and God. She has high self evaluation and claims she is the smartest person on Earth and thats why she doesnt get along with anyone.She has very sudden mood changes like she starts laughing for no reason then she gets annoyed and starts acting nervously and yelling. If I dont listen to what she says or do it the wrong way she might slap me or beat me depending on the level of anger. She is not working. She often rants about not being able to sleep due to small things such as neighbor talking or lights outside.Shes been complaining about the weather making her unable to think. When she encounters a problem she either tries to make it worse or to run from it. She is very paranoid.I am worried more about her than my future life locked at home. I cant really seek help either in that situation. From time to time she seems to act normal and it makes me doubt if she really is ill.Also to add her mother was diagnosed with schizophrenia so I believe she is genetically more prone to mental disease.Thanks in advance for reading.
mentalhealth, This is my 8th year on therapy Im 19. Ive been to 5 different psychologists but I always go back to being depressed and feeling like doing something bad to myself. I always have to improve and I always try to do what the therapists tell me however I feel like it doesnt pay off. Im so tired of trying to improve myself I dont want to go to a psychologist anymore I dont want to go to a psychiatrist anymore. I want to be normal like everyone but if I do that Ill end up killing myself.  It makes me wonder if Im destined to killing myself is my natural instinct or whatever. I wish I had a reason to cry because at least it would make my sadness meaningful and I would know how to make it better. I do feel happy sometimes.I just want to find the reason to my sadness so I can end it
depression, Just as a disclaimer I dont know where this post is going. I just know I need to get some stuff off my chest.So Ive struggled with depression since I was six. It started when my grandmother passed away from cancer. I dont remember how I felt or how I found out. In fact I barely remember what she was like. But I remember some random bits and pieces from staying over her house all the time when I was younger. I loved it there. I stayed with her and my great grandmother. They were both a blast to be with. And I remember they both spoiled me a lot.Well anyway after she passed I just became angry I changed. I thought that everything I love was going to go away eventually and that there was no point in trying anymore. I was angry because cancer had taken my grandmother and I thought it was unfair and thought that it was the hospitals fault for not taking better care of her.Now that I mention that I remember going to see her one time closer to the end of her life and she couldnt talk. She was drugged up on morphine. So she motioned for a pen and paper but she couldnt even hold the pen to write anything. I think most of my moms side of the family was there.I dont remember if she ever wrote anything down or if she ever got to communicate what she wanted to write down.Thats all I can remember from that period.Then when I was 9 my great grandmother passed away I dont remember why though. I remember visiting her in the hospital a lot but not wanting to because at the time I was easily bored and staying in a hospital room with nothing to do but play cards was boring to me.Anyways I dont remember being very sad about her passing I saw it coming and wasnt too broken up about it. I thought about it over a period of time before it happened so it didnt come as a shock. But again I dont remember how I found out or how I reacted.Fast forward a little bit to about sixth grade when I made a new friend. I wont say his name. But we were pretty great friwnds. We had a lot of great times playing video games and laughing our asses off at dick jokes and shit. The only bad thing about the friendship was that he bullied me a lot. And it depressed me even more. I contemplated suicide all the time. And I almost attempted it. But didnt have the balls to. By seventh or eighth grade I had enough and I told him I didnt want to be friends anymore. So that was the end of our friendship. I havent talked to him since but Ive thought about it I do see him a lot and I cant remember the last time I laughed as hard as when we hung out. So Ive been thinking about being friends again. But its my senior year so it might be a little late...Anyway in eighth grade I started hanging out with my old friend Adam who I became instant best friends with on the first day of kindergarten. So we were basically best friends again and it was good. One day we went to see a movie transformers with him and his mom. Half way through I started feeling weird I felt out of breath and nervous. My stomach felt weird. I had to get out so I told them I wasnt feeling good and that I wanted to leave. We walked to the car and they kept asking me what was wrong but I didnt know. I just felt off. We got back to their house and I waited there for an ambulance to come get me. I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder or something along the lines of that. How I got over that is another long story that I dont feel needs to be written at the moment. It took a couple painful scary years to finally free myself from it. But I did. One feeling that has stuck with me though is the feeling that Im not here. Im not actually experiencing life but rather Im watching it. Thats how Ive felt since that one day in the theater.Anyway When high school started we kind of found new groups of friends. He was into band and stuff like that and I wasnt really involved in any thing like that yet. (I remember him telling me throughout grade school that I should join choir or band or something like that but I never listened.)So he found new friends with the music kids and I hung out with the outcasts and weird kids. We gently drifted apart no arguments or anything. So I had taken up learning guitar in about seventh grade and by freshmen year I wanted to join a band. I started one it was terrible it never went anywhere. But the important part is we needed a singer and my mom had encouraged me to start singing even though I was very self conscious. So I joined choir and was placed in the baritone section. Not that I knew what that meant at the time. But I found that I loved singing our choir director was a really fun person and made the whole experience better.Me and this one kid from our group started hanging out in the woods and singing all the time. He was amazed at how east I could sing anything high or low. We did this multiple times a week for a good year. Then I started having problems with my voice. And slowly my range got smaller and smaller until nothing was comfortable to sing. It sucked. Fast forward to the end of sophomore year it got to the point where talking took effort my voice was worn out every day. Singing in choir sucked. It got to the point where singing loud was extremely difficult and I remember one day I almost through up cause I was straining so much. For that year I talked to my friends about it (none of which were singers) and they all just said it was puberty. Thats what every one assumed it was. I made an appointment to the ENT he said my vocal cords were swollen but it was probably because I was attempting to do things I couldnt do any more because of puberty.It wasnt until that summer that I decided to get checked up and found out that I had vocal nodules. The day I found out I wanted to cry. I didnt want to talk to anyone. I didnt want to do anything.The ENT said it looked to be acid reflux related. So he prescribed me prilosec as well as speech therapy to see if I was using my voice wrong when speaking. Speech therapy helped as well as prilosec. But not completely. When I went to see the ENT next he said the nodules had gotten smaller But they were still there. He set up an appointment for six months later. I have yet to go in for that appointment but I can say that my voice has not gotten better it still gets worn out. If I wanted to and I do I could not sing in a band I cant do what I love. Its now about to be my senior year and I have done nothing musically. I have no motivation to. Any time I sing I get sad and angry. It doesnt even feel good physically. Which makes it unenjoyable. I do love to longboard. But when I do that my feet hurt (I sound like a pussy but really after I get off my long board I have to limp so my foot doesnt hurt which also takes the enjoyment out of it)Ive played guitar in a few bands recently. It made me even more depressed seeing the singer having so much fun and being able to do so many things with his voice. Every practice Id be less and less motivated to continue with the band. And eventually we split up.Ultimately I just want my voice back. I want to be able to do what I love without feeling uncomfortable or having a worn out voice. It takes effort just to talk and its fucking up my social life now I dont know how to coordinate my voice Ive been trying to make new friends but Ive realised that when I do try to talk to someone I sound angry and it puts them off. I sound angry even when I dont want to. And its to the point now where even If my friends ask me a simple question I get pissed. Not because theyre asking me a question but because I have to talk. I dont want to talk. I hate talking because my voice just doesnt feel good. Its so hard to describe. I try to explain to my friends how much this has been hurting me but none of them understand. I dont blame them theyre not singers. Its not theyre fault even when I try to just get them to understand that I cant do what I love they dont understand because either 1. They dont have a passion for anything. Or 2. Theyve never been able to not do what they love. Its just so hard. I dont know what to do. Ive tried to be positive but it only lasts for so long. Eventually I just get depressed again and its just a never ending cycle. Theres a lot of things I left out of this post. Its so long and unorganized I feel that adding anything else would be too much as if it already isnt. I dont even know why I made this post but I feel a little better at least getting it off my chest. Thank you very much if you read the whole thing it mustve been a pain. Im not good at formatting or grammar so I apologize.
depression, Daily life things become obstacles I just feel I can’t overcome.
depression, Ive been feeling really empty and unable to properly function the last few days. Sometimes my mood picks up briefly but for the most part Ive just felt like shit and can hardly stand to be out in public. This isnt the first time I felt like this while I was at college but idk what to do. All my professors take attendance and will mark my grade down if I miss too many classes. I have no friends here. Last time I was feeling this bad I went to the health center (because I thought maybe it was an issue with my cycle) and I was roped into a therapy session because I said that I wouldnt kill myself but dying sounded kind of nice at the time. And thats how Ive always been. Ive never self harmed or seriously planned a suicide. There were lots of times when I kinda wished I would get sick or get in an accident or just disappear somehow but Im too afraid of dying to ever seriously contemplate suicide. I know thats not a bad thing but it makes me feel like my problems arent even that big and Im just being a huge pussy when I isolate myself and avoid all my responsibilities. I think I must really lack willpower when there are suicidal people who still make it to work/school.
mentalhealth, So me and my Ex recently broke up our 3 year relationship back in September2020 which turned out quite nasty basically shes got with a now ex mate of mine about a week after we finished and the thought of them together makes my head spin and makes me feel useless and like the relationship ment nothing. Theyre only just about going public with it and its rattled my head once again. Alot of my friends say she is dodgy for what she did and I agree 100% and Ive cut her off in every way possible since the breakup but somehow I keep hearing/seeing stuff about them and my head goes crazy thinking about what theyre doing etc. Even though I just want to get on with my own life. Lockdown has not helped as I cant really do much to focus on myself other than go for a run and try and clear my head.Has anyone got any suggestions about stopping these thoughts so I can just have peace of mind and forget about her and them completely?
depression, I can feel depressions icy breath down my neck. I dont understand Im on meds I mean yeah i havent been able to talk to my therapist during this whole pandemic but still Ive been good up till now. Is it because Im finally living by myself? Does loneliness only breed more depression? I feel so alone its starting to hurt. These tears wont stop.
depression, Hello. I was wondering if anyone knew what to do when I cant find anything I want anymore. I feel like Im waking up and just completing each day with no reason. I have no goals and Im not working towards anything I desire. Heck I dont even know what I desire anymore.I quit my job as a software engineer 3 months ago. I dont think thats ever what I wanted to do and the company I worked for definitely wasnt inspiring me. I gave myself the excuse that I was going to write music and become a composer. I quickly became discouraged. I havent even written anything lately. Every time I try to start I listen to what Im writing and it feels pointless to continue with it.Right now I feel like Im just existing doing nothing thats meaningful. I wake up waste time then I go to bed because I dont feel like being awake anymore.So I suppose what I want to know is is there any way to figure out what I want? In the event I actually want something how do I keep from getting discouraged and giving it up?
depression, Im miserable. I have chronic health issues that seem like theyll never be solved. Im nauseated literally all the time. I have to force myself to eat. If I cant smoke weed I basically throw up all day or am severely uncomfortable. I have an amazing boyfriend and family and 2 cats. My job fucking sucks and they do not care about my health despite how many times I tell them I cant do manual labor. I cant see myself finding a job Im passionate about so now my goal in life is to find a job where I can sit down and call in sick whenever I need to. The planet is dying America is a disgusting country run by trash people. I wont live another 20 years (being generous) at this rate. Why am I alive. What is the point in any of this. Why do I clean? Why do I work? Why
depression, I was raised to be a very submissive person who was supposed to behave and wait patiently and always consider other people over myself. My mother actively tried to make me her little gentleman always rewarding me with passivity and guilt-tripping me by breaking down into tears the moment I questioned anything she decided for me. She always felt the need to intervene in any and all aspects of my life. If I was even slightly distressed in school she would immediately speak with one of the faculty on my behalf so that I could be given special treatment. She just never understood boundaries constantly worming her way into everything I tried to do by myself even as a teenager. My father indirectly fucked me up with his anger control issues always exploding into fits of rage whenever something didnt go his way or if I didnt do the thing he told me to do properly. He would sometimes force me off the computer if I wasnt writing an essay the way he wanted and would proceed to write everything himself. Sometimes I wouldnt even have to be the target of his anger. If I heard him railing on somebody over the phone I wouldnt dare try to even speak with him for the rest of the day. I always felt like I was walking on eggshells whenever I tried interacting with him.Even though I wasnt exactly abused and I know there are people out there who had it worse years and years of growing up with these types of parents stunted my social emotional and physical development. I always felt like I was doing something wrong even when I was doing it right. I became deathly afraid to do anything going so far as to develop a tic where I raised my hand in casual conversations to indicate that I wanted to speak. By the time I reached high school I still had the mentality of a ten-year-old. Id unintentionally make people uncomfortable because of my inability to really do anything worthwhile on my own or socialize properly while still expecting to be treated like I was a functioning adolescent. When I became so enchanted by the idea of a girlfriend I acted with a sense of childish entitlement that almost led me to burning so many bridges and becoming an outcast. I just wanted someone to show me what it was like to be loved but I was too weak and cowardly to be even remotely attractive. I was already racked with an indescribable guilt but when I saw that I kept hurting people like my 12th grade crush for doing things like guilt-tripping her for not being into me I started developing suicidal thoughts. Still though I never quite learned how to change for the better.By the time I entered freshman year of university I kept repeating the same mistakes. Even though I improved somewhat my ineptitude in just about everything only made the suicidal thoughts more intense. I kept driving people away because of my clingy and desperate behavior to the point to where one girl outright told me to stop texting her before blocking my number. I also felt like I kept letting my parents and professors down as my own obsessive thoughts made me constantly struggle to meet deadlines and produce quality work. At that point I felt like my existence was a net negative on society as a whole and so the only way to redeem myself was to commit suicide. I almost did it actually. On Halloween Night 2018. Almost dove into a freezing lake wearing a horse mask in the hopes that I would drown or die of hypothermia. Instead I broke down and started apologizing to everyone I ever wronged even though no one was actually there to hear me. No one even knew I tried to do anything until I broke down in front of one of my roommates the next morning after he grilled me for missing a class that we were both in. Things have improved since then. Ive reconciled with some people that I hurt in the past even going so far as to rekindle my friendship with and connecting closer to my former crush. Im now able to flirt properly with women even though I still cant quite do the physical stuff yet. And I know when to back off and respect boundaries and not let my clinginess consume every fiber of my being. Ive managed to find a fulfilling niche in writing fiction and making films and so Im working to hopefully improve those skills on a professional level. Im learning to take care of myself and do things on my own like work out and cook food. Hopefully Ill finally be able to find a job next semester.Despite all this however my depression continues to weigh me down. It along with my guilt has gotten lighter for sure but I know its never going away. Ive come to accept that now and once Im done writing or filming all the stories I want to tell Ill probably finish myself off before my mind and body start to collapse.
depression, Hi all When I was in the fourth grade I remember getting yelled at by my father and wanting to touch the plug hanging out of the wall outlet so I could end my life. That was the first time I thought about killing myself. Since then there have been times where I was constantly thinking about dying and times where it was just kinda tucked away in the back of my head. Now I’m almost 20 living with my girlfriend estranged from my parents working as an RV technician which has a few ups and many downs and my depression is fucking skyrocketing. I’ve gone to the doctor to try medications and the lack of results is honestly really fucking discouraging. My therapist helps but the next day I just feel like fucking shit again. I’m living paycheck to paycheck with no savings I have almost nobody to lean on besides 2 best friends who talk to me maybe once a week and I feel like they constantly make excuses when I want to see them and my girlfriend who I truly don’t deserve because they are so wonderful. My parents were pretty abusive during my childhood (mostly verbally) and now that I’m on my own they only talk to me when they need something or to ask why I don’t speak to them. In fact we just talked last night for the first time in 4 months. They blamed us not talking completely on me even though the last time I saw them I drove an hour away to their house just to be berated with their anti-blm views and when I said that I support any sort of protesting they started saying very racist things to which I just walked out the door. I drove an hour one way just to be there for 20 minutes. I cried the entire way back home. Jesus there are so many other things contributing to my depression and I just don’t know what to fucking do anymore. There’s so much wrong with my life and I just don’t know how to deal with it. I want to die but absolutely would never kill myself. My girlfriend would be crushed. I’m not looking for any answers just wanted somewhere to express my thoughts. Being an adult is great but it also fucking sucks. I just feel alone and hopeless. I really don’t know what else to do. Thanks for reading if you’re still there. I hope you’re doing better than I am
mentalhealth, Ive been having fantasies of being angry and just exploding everything pent up in me (and some made up ones) to someone I dislike since i was young. i love to imagine arguments and silenced them until i cry out of my own anger. i love the aspect of explaining my feelings while making them feel guilty/losing to my arguments. sometimes its just arguing fantasy but i always felt satisfied after an ugly cry. i think it is somewhat comparable to masturbation but in a negative emotion sense and i only do it when i have specific people i dislike in mind which is not all the time. anyways only recently i realized that this is not normal because i do it quite often and sometimes out of boredom. ok idk where to talk about this so maybe if someone could direct me to a more suitable reddit Ill be grateful
mentalhealth, Is it possible to have PTSD but like my brain blocks out most memories but how I react to things is like I remember the abuse but I don’t. Like I get this rash which is triggered from anxiety and stress and triggers like abuse makes it flare up. But I don’t have PTSD as I don’t remember the abuse from the fact I block the memories out but could there somehow be a way I remember without knowing??
depression, ‪I absolutely love that feeling I get when Im barely making any money or gaining any recognition in my career Im barely losing any weight after having changed my diet Im shit at the sports I play my grades are getting bad because of course overload and lack of time/motivation to get better Im not getting enough time to get better at learning languages Im getting writers block I dont know what school Ill be going to(if any) Im too fucking handicapped to socialize like a normal person my family doesnt accept me for who I am and also want to force me into a career Im not passionate about Im no longer as creative or interested in anything as I was just about a year or two ago I barely have any methods to get counseling or therapy because Tennessee is thirty years behind and besides that my parents dont actually care I dont know where my future is going I dont have enough belief in my self worth and Im too afraid to either off myself or run away towards possibly greener pastures. Such a warm and comforting feeling to know Im shit at everything now. But then again I probably always was.‬‪I dunno maybe I will actually do something soon. Either that or tough it out until things get even worse so Ill feel as if I have no choice.‬
depression, Soo. Ive been told many times that o have absolutely no reason to be depressed because of my lifestyle (not gonna go in-depth). But whatever I try nothing seems to help make the pain go away.Ive gone travelling to several different places and let me say they were beautiful but it didnt really add any leverage to the situation. Therapy doesnt help. Additionally I prefer not to take medication because I dont want to have to fake a feeling.Ive tried many different hobbies sports guitar working out drawing all sorts of things but in the end I just dont feel happy about what Im doing.So /r/depression Ive come to the sad realisation that I just dont see any purpose in my life nor do I really intend to find one it just doesnt seem like its worth all the effort. It doesnt help that the only time I do feel true joy is when Im talking to a girl that I like but she plays with my emotions without even noticing how much shes hurting me. To be honest shes the only reason Im still alive. I owe that to her because shes the one who first talked me out of suicidal but at this rate Ill most likely succumb into the thought again. How might I escape this vicious cycle? Anything that might help is accepted.P.S. Sorry if this was kind of confusing I just didnt know how to word any of it.
mentalhealth, If you survived a suicide attempt what got you through the trauma of the attempt itself?Two weeks ago I tried to kill myself. I tried to OD and it didn’t work but it messed up my head so badly that I couldn’t fully recall what had happened for a good five days. A few days in I went to the ER when I was still having symptoms and they didn’t send me to the psych ward (I lied and I’m sure they knew but it wasn’t imminent and they were overloaded with Covid) but they did indicate I had some liver damage that should heal just fine. I have a supportive wife therapist and friends. I told them so I’m not alone in it. At first I thought I was fine…Now that it’s a couple weeks out it’s really starting to hit me. I took last week off work and had a really good week. But this week has been horrible so far. I’m having flashbacks of the attempt itself nightmares about ODing panic attacks I’m afraid to take anything for headaches any mention of pills or death is triggering. My job is not very flexible and I don’t have any more time off I can take - I honestly might get fired during the next review in two weeks for taking off last week on no notice.To be clear I’m not feeling suicidal anymore and have no intent on doing anything. I just want to forget about it. It feels like it’s getting harder every day. I want to drink every night after work just to forget that I actually did that. I don’t even like alcohol. But I want to forget. I can’t take the flashbacks and this guilt.If anyone has survived a suicide attempt please let me know how you got through this horrible period and what helped you.Edit: for clarity
mentalhealth, If you don’t have time for these next few paragraphs then that’s okay don’t feel like you *have* to read this or anything. I just felt it would be good for my mental health to at least vent to somebody that can give me advice on how I’ve been feeling lately.First I suppose I should give a bit of background as to why I’ve been feeling so down. All my life I’ve been dealing with an emotionally and mentally abusive mother who manipulated my step-father and all my half-siblings into treating me the same that she does. I have my real father and step-mother who lived close by accompanied by two other half-siblings but I didn’t live with them because my biological mother claimed custody of me from a young age. Let me begin with recent events.Eventually I moved out back in either late February or early March of 2020 and am currently living with what I consider the “good” of my two families. It was a nice start at first but then things felt like they were slowly falling apart. This side of my family has always had a habit of starting terrible verbal fights over the littlest of things and I never got used to that and it even got to the point where I felt as if I should be the “family therapist” and try and resolve any problems that arise. This usually isn’t appreciated as I am consistently told that “Arguing is a healthy part of any relationship” which I really just don’t see. I’ve been in a happy relationship with my girlfriend for 2 years now and we have never fought once. We prefer to very calmly discuss any differences we may have in a very civil manner. I should also mention that I think I may have bipolar depression and anxiety (I am very unsure however as I have never received any sort of official diagnosis. This has caused many problems within this household for the past 6 or 7 months.My dad disregards any claims I make about anxiety or depression and constantly blames me for not telling him about mental health issues I may be having. I have grown distant and reclusive as a result because I really don’t know where to go other than constant venting with my girlfriend. She says she’s okay with the amount of venting I do as she reciprocates just as much. Though I know that I need some sort of actual therapist or counselor or something. Until then though I kinda just feel stuck and hollow. My emotions seem to be dwindling and everything is spiraling out of control. I can’t talk to family because they seem to just forget about the heart-to-heart moments I’m desperately trying to have though they’re always open to an argument.Another thing I would like to add is the fact that every year my dad brother and I take these personal camping trips that range from a week to a week and a half in total nothingness. I am not a big camper but I typically accompany him because I know that’s what he would want. This year however I told him two weeks prior that I would prefer to opt-out of the trip. Although he said he respects my decision him and my step-mom have been holding it over my head and guilt-tripping me to go and get upset when I continuously tell them I would prefer to stay home and focus on important things like getting a license and preparing for college. Things that my last two parents failed to help me with. I am 18 now and should have all the freedom in the world. But it really feels like I’m super boxed in as of late and I’m really not in a happy place.I really don’t feel like I’ve been intentionally hurting anyone I just really am struggling to connect with my family and it feels like they’re almost tired of trying to figure out what’s wrong with me mentally while I’m struggling to do the same. Either that or they don’t want to confront the issues I’m having which seems more likely because they’ve mocked my anxiety by telling me I’ve never had it and have mocked my depression by blatantly ignoring it.I’m not going to commit suicide or hurt myself or anything I have more self-awareness than that. I just really hate feeling so tired and useless all the time. I desperately want to be happy again but it seems like all my efforts are in vain. Even now my family barely even looks at me because my parents are offended I’m in my room so much taking time to myself. They don’t say “Hi” after work anymore and conversations are brief if they’re not about what I could be doing better.This is the most lost and unsure I’ve ever felt in my life and would like some opinions or advice that might help if anyone has the time I’m desperate.
depression, Hey RedditIt’s Neve again and since the site is down for scheduled maintenance I thought I’d share some thoughts. I’m having another hard day and I just wanted to type this out. Even though historically there hasn’t been much of a response to my posts of this nature it helps I guess.If you look back you’ll see that I’ve posted a couple of times in the past two or three months. You’ll see both happy and sad. You’ll see that I was torn up about a girl an ex. You’ll see that I went on dates with other girls. Hell you’ll even see my argue about some bs in /r/wow. It’s all pretty average. It’s amusing to me really. That I’m feeling this…uh…down? Looking at the front page of /r/depression really puts things into perspective. I’ve not seen my wife shoot herself. I am not being taken advantage of. It’s just me versus myself. Anyway…There’s stuff isn’t in my post history though. Good things actually. I’ve got friends now—real and in the flesh friends. Not just people who I play games with online (even though those friendships can be real and meaningful there is just something fundamentally different about being able to physically spend time with people). Two girls in my degree program I’ve become very close with. We text we hang out we talk we get beers…it’s nice. It really is nice knowing that there is someone who wants to spend time with me—they made plans which I was invited to without me having prior knowledge! What else? I got my term grades today I made a 3.5 this semester! That’s pretty good I’m happy with that. My cumulative GPA is still a bit low at 3.07 which makes my graduate school prospects slightly grim but it’s alright since I’ve still got two semesters to bring my GPA up a tad bit more. Oh! I’ve got a job interview tomorrow. It’s at Target and I’m fairly certain I’ll get the job. It’s going to be nice working with people my own age again (23). I’ve lost weight in the last few months a lot of weight actually. In May I was pushing 240 in my most recent weigh in I was at 205. I’m starting to look good—I can tell. I’ve been out dancing the last two Thursdays. Trying to put myself out there you know? The first time I was a bit awkward but it got better after a few drinks. My scarf was a hit with the gay guys. They loved it. The second time I only danced with one person and it was for about 15 seconds total so the rest of the night I was kind of just looking like a fool dancing with myself but it was fun. There was this one group of girls who I’m about 95% confident were laughing at me though that was a bit of a buzzkill—I mean give me a break I’m dancing alone not groping you not grinding on you minding my own business enjoying the EDM. ButI still hate myself. I still feel utterly worthless and I have no idea what I’m doing with my life. It used to come and go these feelings. It doesn’t really do that anymore it’s kind of always there. It seems like the better that things get for me the worse that I feel. I’m not really sure why that is. Maybe I don’t know how to be happy. That’s actually a very real possibility; I seem to ruin everything when I get into a place that is conducive to a positive mental state. I sent the girl an email the other night because we haven’t talked in awhile. It seems like months and months when in reality I last heard her voice the week of Thanksgiving. I still miss her—god I miss her so much. I had a girl over the other night to my place. I was fairly certain that this girl and I were going to be physically intimate. I mean she was cute laughing at all of my jokes giving me the eye. She’s even the one that started talking about sex for those of you who know situations of that sort…we were one flirt shy of going all the way. I couldn’t do it. I don’t know why. We were lying on my duvet and I just started thinking about Sarah. Even though I tried not to think about it and just focus on the very willing girl next to me I just couldn’t. I started looking around my room and I just of mentally broke down. The girl kind of picked up on the sudden change of mood. She asked me what was wrong…well…I wasn’t really very good at thinking of a lie in that exact moment so I told her the truth. How I wasn’t over my ex and that I really didn’t want to go through with sex that night. She understood I think. She was very clearly annoyed and hurt. She didn’t stay very long after that. But in the email I asked my ex how I could hate her like she hated me? She is so much better at ignoring me than I could ever be at ignoring her. I guess it’s because her baseline isn’t…miserable? I’ve been unhappy for so long in my life ever since I was 13 really. I mean there have been good periods in there. But I can guarantee that I’ve been at some level of depression for at least eight of the last ten years. I just miss her and I thought that I would be able to move on in a quicker manner than this. Even though it has been several months since we were in regular contact I still want to call her every day. It’s a fight not to leave her a voice mail just so that I can hear her message.  But she honestly and truly wants me to leave her be and it is tearing me apart.I know that I am not unique in this situation. I know that out of the 117 billion people that have ever lived that a broken heart and not being able to get over an ex isn’t something that only I can understand. But I can’t reason myself happy even though I wish I could. I actually caught myself saying verbally saying that I wanted to die the other day. I realized that I’d said it and meant it. It’s weird I’ve been suicidal in the past I know what that’s like and this was not that. This was something more…raw? Primal? I don’t know. I don’t have the words. But honestly and truly didn’t want to continue. It hasn’t really changed. There are reasons that I want to live sure. I’m not at risk but it’s just weird. I’ve got so many good things going for me right now and I just…don’t. Like I said at the start there are so many other with many more real issues. Why can’t I just get over it and learn to be happy? It’s distressing.Anyway. Just like the past several posts this has been rambling and unstructured. If you managed to read this thanks. You’re a good person.
depression, Ive been on (and am now off) antidepressants and Ive finished counselling due to not being considered a problem anymore but Im constantly plagued by the thought that this world just isnt enough like things make me happy enough I would say Ive escaped my previous depressions Ive no real problems that would drive me to suicidal thoughts like this but every tiny decision I make seems to come with:  yeah but youre gonna die eventually so its all gonna be wasted time may as well just save the time and effort even if its something like cleaning or getting out of bed. TL;DR escaped depression but still find myself questioning reasons to continue living.
depression, I think I’m going to be alone for a long time. I’m trying to come to terms with that by focusing on other things and building myself a future that’s just for myself but I’m starting to realize that not even that is possible. I have a good job but can’t afford to live on my own. A home is so important to me but I literally can’t have one. It just sucks to know that I can’t even make a home for myself without someone else and I’m alone so that means I just can’t make a home. As time goes on it feels more and more like I’ll be stuck in the misery I’m in now forever.
mentalhealth, Hey everyone&amp;#x200B;Been having a difficult time recently with my University course which is very stressful. Its a very hands on vocational course which involves treating patients. I find I dont naturally excel on the course and so I need to put a lot of work in to do the practical side to a competent level. The academic stuff is same old done it for years with previous qualifications so thats fine. I feel constantly put down by tutors who seem to think we should be good at something first time and if not they seem to take a disliking to you or discount you as someone who will ever be something significant. I find it difficult to talk to someone on the course about this as I feel like when I do they try and accommodate me as some sort of special snowflake or something.Its a vicious cycle where I find my confidence undermined in University and then this makes me deeply unhappy with myself outside of University. Like if Im not good at what Im going to do when Im older what hope do I have?I also have severe social anxiety which has plagued me since I was a kid. I find it hard to have meaningful conversations with people and run out of things to say because I overthink situations and feel like I need to try too hard. I avoid social situations I avoid talking to girls. Ive had people ask me why Im so quiet (not in an understanding way in an interrogating sort of way like whats wrong with you?) which further makes me want to reject social interaction. I tried talking to a therapist about my social problems and they effectively said - get on with it accept it and work on your social skills which is a lot easier said than done.I know theres a lot here but Im writing it all down as I havent spoken to people about it and when I do I feel like Im bugging people (body language from them says a lot).&amp;#x200B;
socialanxiety, I literally forget how my signature looks. I had a bank girl tell me that my signature was problematic! (Though the document went through).
mentalhealth, Ive had depression for a long time but now Im getting stuff together. I go to the gym read work sleep early wake up early all the good stuff. I feel content. But in one corner of my mind I hear the negative talk how Im going to fall down even harder this time now that Im happy that Ill ruin it anyway. I dont want to succumb anymore. How can I deal with this in a healthy and effective way?
depression, Im a male in my early 20s.I made a post last week about some more serious thoughts Ive been having but now I just want to vent about something thats been getting me down recently.I dont feel like I had a childhood. I spent most of my days inside by myself my parents never interacted with me they usually spent their entire day vegging out in front of the television and seemed to have very limited interest in whether or not I had friends or was doing well in school. I was never asked to go to anyones house or to ride bikes together. I cant recall any moment in my young years where another person my age had a real conversation with me or confided themselves to me or explored our own naivety together.In retrospect I find this more depressing than all of the bullying and other troubles at school.I still dont really have any friends I spend my entire days inside and have been trying to fend off an ever growing sense of agoraphobia so I can get out and do the occasional chore.I just feel like Ive wasted so much time I dont feel any sort of connection to anyone its hard not to be bitter when you dont know what it feels like to be respected in that sort of way.
depression, I have nothing going for me. Every expert rejects my dream of becoming a makeup artist. I have worked at mac and sephora but both places treated me like shit so I quit. I have no friends. Every friend I have stabs me in the back. Guys just want to sleep with me I hate my parents I have no money Im taking pills for years that dont help with depression. I gave up on God he never helps me. Im tired and sad. I have no energy. I want to kill myself but I never have the nerve to do it. Why cant I?!
depression, Tonight as I realize how exhausted and drained I am. I have decided to give up on my dreams.
mentalhealth, I can’t help but feel disconnected from myself I try meeting people but it all ends the same each time I’m starting to think It’s just all in my head and I’m just making it all up just slowly dragging myself down on purpose
depression, So yesterday I hang out with my friends and something one of them did triggered me so I started going non verbal felt out of place emotionally drained and just wanted to go home. The situation with this friend is weird it’s not the first time I’ve felt like that because of them. Today I’ve been down all day too thinking about what happened. But I still can’t help but wonder if I feel that bad because of that friend (who I consider to be toxic and have had a toxic friendship with them) or if my depression maximises the hurting. I’m afraid of ending the friendship bc of that. Anyone relates or can help? Thanks! 💗
depression, Should i quit doing everything give up everything and just wasting all that time till one day i decided to end it all ?. I can sense that day has come very close. I wish things could change but the only thing that have to change was me but it seem to hard.
depression, Im very bad at describing these things so please bear with me here.To start off Im 14 and was diagnosed with depression and ASD both at once by a psychologist and prescribed antidepressants. Which dont work at all I might add. Using hindsight having ASD has probably caused many of the problems I didnt understand that occurred earlier in my life.When I entered the 6th grade I was bullied constantly by everyone. I had absolutely no close friends and I dont really even now. I changed schools 3 times every one of them was the same. Bullying and being ridiculed. SO I started playing video games more and more I guess my brain saw it as a way to cope. And finding something to do alone made me happier than anything else. And in following this desire I started gaining weight. SO now I cant make friends I suck at everything I like to do (games art etc.) I cant stand to look in the mirror I hate my family for no reason at all and I hate myself more than anything in existence. I see no reason to live if I have to suffer like this every day.Couldve worded it a lot better but those are my honest feelings.
depression, the feeling in my chest is consuming; it’s like something’s sitting on it and i can’t breathe you know? i want to get out i wanna move to go somewhere do something but it’s just got me pinned.
mentalhealth, Do any of you work at mental health facilities? On inpatient units? Outpatient units? I’m curious to know how you’re all dealing with this pandemic. You personally and also how your supervisors are handling admissions etc?? I’m wondering because right now... my unit is kind of a shit show and it’s making my anxiety go crazy.
depression, Theres no reason I should be angry or irritated shes just trying to make me happy and Im snapping at her constantly. In the moment Im not thinking about it but after the fact I feel like a piece of shit and then I get even more angry. I cant explain it to her without sounding like Im looking for excuses.
depression, After receiving news that my cat Gerald wasn’t able to make it through the kidney stones and he had to be put down. I felt like this was my fault. They said it was more than likely do due a bad diet. This cat has so much value tied to it. It’s been with me for a good portion of my life. I considered him a brother but a cat. I soon began trying different drugs and found that meth is my drug of choice. I’ve been stealing nearby neighborhoods bikes to get the money to buy myself the addictions I have so nothing comes out of my pocket. Someone taught me that. I smoked a lot and didn’t realize how far it would take me. I began boarding up my windows and doors. Staying indoors for days. Only going out for an occasional bite to eat because I was anti social and paranoid constantly or to Walmart for Dawn the dish soap. Specifically the orange kind with the duck getting cleaned from oil on the front. I was a cleaning maniac part of my tweaking involved senseless cleaning. I would bathe with it wash my clothes brush my teeth and use it to clean my house. I was cleaning the kitchen floor one day completely naked and I discovered that sliding on the kitchen floor naked pretending I was an octopus is the single most satisfying feeling one could ever ask the lord for. I began doing this almost everyday and have a severe addiction. I need help and only you can help with your upvotes and hate comments or love comments.
mentalhealth, I started my first post-college job a few months ago. The company is great overall but my department is really stressful. Ive been diagnosed with GAD and major depression since adolescence and I feel like its making my normal adult stress so much worse. I cant enjoy activities outside of work because Ive always got a sick feeling thinking about everything I have to do or what I might mess up on next. Any advice that might help me not focus on work so much once Im done for the day/weekend?
depression, Im a 15 year old tenth grade US Ex-pat in London and I just feel sometimes like I cant go on. I had a traumatic younger part of my childhood that sometimes hinders my general functionality. I also moved around a lot so that kind of made me a bit of a self reliant person by nature because I never developed strong bonds with people. The thing is that everytime I think its about the worst thing that could possibly happen at that time. Suicidal thoughts have been so normal for me since i was 11 that when Im standing on the subway platform I have to physically restrain myself so that I dont jump in front of the train. I try to socialize but Ive realised that I am just boring. Nothing I have to add to the conversation matters because nobody cares. Everyone wants me to shut up and its hard to think positively anymore. Im never really happy anymore I dont laugh much and find it a hassle to even smile. I wear a mask of boisterous hard-ass vulgar idiocy but the real me is a sarcastic smart loving caring soft person but nobody wants either. I cant change trust me Ive tried and I dont see a way out of this. Every single thing I do is characterized as a failure by my mind. If youve ever seen BoJack Horseman youd know that BoJack constantly has flashes where the voice in his mind tells him that he is worthless a scumbag this that and the other. I have the same voice in my head and it hurts to live sometimes. All I do is live a pointless life with nobody who wants to be with me but myself and even a lot of the time I dont want to be with myself. The cherry on top is that Im paranoid about a multitude of things and have aggressive tendencies because of the way I had to defend myself earlier in my life.
depression, The hope that I will be happy again the hope that I will one day be successful that hope is fading away. Time is going by faster and faster while Im sitting here doing nothing. Problems are worsening and theres nothing I can do about it. Nothing will truly make me happy. Happiness is temporary. Live life like theres no tomorrow they say. Its so easy to agree with that quote but to actually do it? Its impossible.
depression, Ive recently turned 14. I know its quite young but Im really not enjoying my fresh youth I live with ADHD and ASD which means I get bullied a lot for it.If I had to put my life into 2 words they would be: Why me?I just dont see the point in anything anymore. Until around 2-3 years ago I was the most purest kid youve seen. Now Im an asshole swearing all the time and hitting people. Im really feeling trapped. Im worried Ill hurt my friends or family everyday.At home Im constantly shunned and even made fun of because of my autism by my own family. The stepmum is a rude manipulative bitch who cant take the slightest criticism and makes me puke. Dad wakes me up at 2am because I slammed the door and woke the baby up which is impossible because I was sleeping. My younger brothers are constantly called me a spasticated mistake and other vulgarities. One of them even tries to have sex with me. I cant even escape the hell that is home because Im rarely let outside. Im often neglected foodwise because there ends up being literally no food Im allowed to eat because stepmum buys loads of food but 97% of it I cant eat. and mostly live off of the babies leftover food. The small time at school Im away from it all I have to deal with a cunt thats set on making my life a misery getting me into trouble for things I didn;t do and accusing me of bullying him. Im really tired of it all. Its 24/7 pain and misery for me. I often imagine killing everyone in a violent rage and the consequences and suicidal thoughts. I really cant do this anymore. I really cant. This life aint worth it for me much more. My body aches more and more everyday and I think about suicide/murder more and more. Its really worrying me. I feel like Im gonna be one of those messed up serial killers you see on the 6 o clock news. I just cannnot put my dispair into proper words.I have no one left to turn to. I literally only have the internet.The whole worlds messed up and I want out of it.Or maybe I just want to be able to talk to someone who gives a shit for once.This is my first post about this sorry if I messed something up.
depression, You probably think Im +35 by reading the title but Im only 20 yo. I regret many things that I didnt accomplish in the past and for things that didnt go well for me but Im also worried about my future. I know that Im still young and have the time to do whatever I have to do but right know I lost interest in life  I dont want to go out anymore  I have no friends Im not brilliant at studies anymore. My life is fucked up and depression wont let me live peacefully
mentalhealth, today was my birthday. my 19th fricking birthday. i couldn’t enjoy it because my life is falling apart. i just recently cut off one of my best friends bc i realized they were bad for me. i’ve been a straight A student up till this point and i suddenly cant even barely keep a passing grade in my classes anymore. my mother ate my birthday cake yesterday and said to my face my birthday meant nothing to her. i’m drowning in work. i have an immobilizing spinal injury. all i wanted to do was enjoy my birthday and eat one stupid cake and i think that’s what sent me over the edge. it was all i wanted it was the one thing i had left in my life as pathetic as it sounds. so now here i am ten minutes after my birthday that i spent sobbing and studying for midterms for classes i’m failing. I couldn’t even have my stupid cake to distract myself from my awful excuse for a life. everything hurts and i don’t want to do this anymore. i can’t even find words to describe how awful i feel. it’s past sad or angry. i feel like everything. i mean everything. hurts. i’ll be walking and i just cant physically hold my weight anymore i just fucking let go and fall to the ground and sob in the middle of the hallway. it’s so hard to do this anymore. i just wanted this one thing. a stupid piece of cake on my miserable birthday to somehow convince myself i’m not a depressed piece of garbage with a miserable excuse for a life.
depression, Some days are just harder than others. Today I could barely hold back my tears. I didnt sleep again last night and I doubt Ill sleep tonight without the wine in my fridge. I dont want that to become a cycle either. I miss my ex and am still in love with him watching him slip away. I miss my son another woman is taking my place in his life. I miss my dog. Everywhere I turn another woman is replacing me. Today I simple cannot handle what Ive done to my life. I have no idea what possessed me to do this to myself. That is the worst part. All I can do is lay here and regret everything I have done in the last year. I can only blame myself. Sometimes I just wish I had someone to talk to. Writing it out will have to do again.
depression, I worked with a therapist years ago and they vouched for journaling as an outlet a coping mechanism among several others. Anyway I suppose I’d like to say I’m sick of hearing about it and how it helps. Sure maybe back then attempts at that helped me. But this pandemic. I don’t feel connected to anything. I don’t  even feel connected to myself. What I believed were my coping mechanisms before don’t do shit for me now. Even trying to express myself feels manic. I cannot do anything.
mentalhealth, At 4 years old I discovered Rule34 furrafinity.net and E621.net and have been daily driving it ever since now at 18 masturbating to it all! Art is wonderful and I love it; its always fun to be in a fantasy and imagining all day long! I dont feel bad and have been only having fun my entire life since then! Are there any health risks to this other than me preferring it over real porn? Thanks!!!
depression, Hey. Maybe this is not the right sub for this but I dont know where I could post it else. Well Im actually recovering from depression.. I mean it comes and goes but most of the times I function. Im not happy but as long as I dont think about life I am somewhat productive. But I still have these days when it just overwhelms me. Ive layn in bed and cried for over 5 hours straight. I have so much work to do and I know if I let myself fall in this misery I might not come back untill next year. I just want to be happy.So long story short: do you have any tips of bettering your mood instantly? Just for the moment at least? How can I let go of these thoughts what distracts me the best? Thank you help is appreciated so much.(Im sorry for any mistakes.. Im not a native speaker and Im really not in the mood to check my spelling)
depression, This quote has been stuck in my head on a loop for the past several weeks. Im sure Im not the only one who can relate. I dont know if youve had any kind of experience with this sort of thing. But its worse than any kind of physical injury. It may be what in the old days was known as a spiritual crisis. Feeling as though every axiom in your life turned out to be false and there was actually nothing and that you were nothing. And its all just a delusion. And youre so much better than everyone else because you can see that this is all a delusion and youre so much worse because you cant fucking function. Its really horrible.I dont think that we ever change. Im sure I still have those same parts of me. Guess Im just trying really hard to find a way not to let them drive. You know?- The End of the TourIts an absolutely wonderful film and there are parts of it I cannot stop thinking about. Such as this quote. Ive been struggling a lot lately trying to function normally but it hasnt been going too well. Its been really hard not to let those parts of me drive.
depression, They told me to call back in twenty minutes.I called back in thirty minutes and they hung up on me.At least it made me angry thats about all I have left.
depression, Several times a day every day for as long as I can remember I think about dying killing myself or just not existing (if that makes sense).  I am married and have a 7 year-old son (not wanting to hurt them is the main reason I havent acted on these thoughts).  My wife says she loves me but I dont see how she possibly could.  I have told her that I am struggling with stuff but I have not told her how I really feel out of fear that it would be a burden and could prove the thing that makes her wash her hands of me and leave me - who would want to be with someone who feels this way right?  Ive read posts of people who told their S O about their suicidal thoughts and that is exactly what happened to them - their S O left.  Part of me feels like I should tell her but I am so afraid to.  Any advice?
depression, I dont know what Im doing anymore. Ive lost a lot already. I was going to kill myself last year but my friend convinced me not to. I promised him and some others I wouldnt try again but its all I can think about nowadays. I dont want anything. I dont need anything. I grew up having to feel that way because I was always told not to cause problems for my dad. After we lost my mom all he ever did was cry. I shut down all my emotions to make it easier for him but now I dont know how to deal with them otherwise. Ive spent the last 20 years of my life wishing I was someone else or at least just this view of normal I thought everyone else was. Having to be the strong one since I was a kid I always said and believed that things would get better. I dont anymore. I cant anymore. I dont know how to talk to people. I dont know how to be around people. Since I moved out Im hiding from my family. Im hiding from my friends. I dont even go outside my room if it means running into my roommates. I havent had a hug in years. I cant remember what its like to be comforted anymore. All I know how to do is survive but the way Im living I dont know why I try anymore. I spend everyday I hadnt made that promise. I feel bad that Im depressed. I feel bad that Im not getting better. I feel bad knowing my friends and family dont understand what Im going through. The worst part is I just push them away every time they try. Ive tried letting people in but I always end up running away as soon as I feel vulnerable. I cant keep telling myself things are going to get better anymore. Theyre not. I feel worse everyday. I keep making myself go out hoping being around my friends will help but all it ever does is remind me how unhappy I am. How alone I am. How alone I make myself. I dont even know why I started writing this. I just feel sad and pathetic. I see myself getting worse everyday and I dont want to know how it ends. Ive tried therapy. Ive tried medication. I dont know what its going to take but it feels like nothing will help anymore. I just want to feel better. And if I cant I just want this to end. I just wish I could do it myself.
depression, Things are numb. Nothing has really any meaning and things lost its pleasure. Hard to get happy. Easily pissed by that. Easily irritated.
depression, Dear fellow reddit people allow me to be selfish and share my story with you in hopes that some of you might be able to relate and maybe even share your own.Also forgive my dramatic writing style I just love writing and talking like that and maybe it will make it even more entertaining for you to read. So if you have nothing else to do why not give my story a read? Lets laugh at how absurd this world is because lets face it: laughing is all you can do. Some men just want to watch the world... finally make sense?My 27 years in this life can be summarized into one central problem: I dont know where I belong or where I should go. I go from job to job dream to dream paycheck to paycheck day to day hobby to hobby - there is very little stability in my life except my eternal quest for Wtf am I supposed to do here?I was reluctant to face this thing called depression because my upbringing and my countrys culture keep insisting that this is not actually a real condition. Since depression is not real I must clearly be just lazy or a failure and all I need to do is get my shit together - whatever that means. I dont know what my shit is or where my shit is.But you see I didnt always feel lost. I was a very enthusiastic high-energy kid - too much to handle for my family I guess. I come from a working class background so financial security has always been a distant dream. My family worked their asses off to keep food on the table and the table under a roof and when they came home they were too tired to deal with the relentless enthusiasm of this little ball of energy who just wanted to watch the world... burn with excitement? I didnt get it back then but I know the feeling all too well now.When I was 12 I tried to kill myself. I concluded that jumping off a bridge into a river would work so I put all of my big textbooks into my backpack because I thought the additional weight would help to drag me down. I thought this was necessary because I didnt want to risk that my survival instincts would help me stay afloat long enough for help to arrive. I knew that if I attempted suicide it had to work - if I survived they would put me under surveillance and interrogate me as to why I did it.I went to the bridge but didnt jump. I decided to aimlessly wander around instead and just look at the world. I watched squirrels rabbits frogs people driving around on their bikes I walked into a grocery store and talked to an old lady who asked why I wasnt at school. I told her I was a secret agent on a mission and she promised not to tell anyone. Needless to say I got in trouble when I got home because the school had of course called my mom. But at least I was alive and I felt that I got a little energy out of my day off to go back to school.I hated everything about school because my experience there was the same that I had at home: no one had the energy to deal with a kid that genuinely wanted to learn. Again and again the teachers tried to cut me down because they felt I was moving too fast. One of them gave me extra exercises as punishment because I had already filled out the next five pages in one of our textbooks. I was so bored and frustrated that I did double of what he assigned me and dismissively threw it on his desk the next day. Like a husky that doesnt get enough exercise my personality slowly changed. All that enthusiasm and energy turned into a cocktail of disdain apathy cynicism and fury. I would pretend to be the good boy on one day and then randomly and openly challenge my teachers on the next day. For my already confused family this made even less sense now. By the time I was 19 my mind was too far gone - I perceived people who would not oppose me as weak. It made me angry that no one would come up to me and just slap me across the face. Why would no one DEAL with me? Like Macbeth at the end I just want someone to storm my castle and strike me down. But no one does anything. Not physically not verbally everybody just backs off.Long story short: I go from one job to the next I dont know what my talents are I slipped into debt and poverty my career goes nowhere aka I dont have one. Genius or mental illness? Recently Ive been wondering. From childlike enthusiasm to fury to apathy and now depression. The things I used to enjoy do not stimulate me anymore the work I do is stupid and underpaid I cant respect my bosses because its the same AGAIN like it was back in school: when you try to do something extra they tell you to stop - and when you do that they complain that you need to work more. But there is not enough work. I can do all of their shit in half the time.I do so many things in private to burn off my energy. But I can feel it - the spark is gone. Even sleeping is a chore now. Im in debt I owe rent and my boss gave me one of those your performance has declined speeches today after he gave me the you need to slow down speech just two weeks ago. I just smile nod and go home. Its all so surreal.But you know what? I feel like King Leonidas in 300: Tonight we dine in hell! and all that. I cant take anything seriously anymore nothing feels real when something bad happens to me I just start laughing. I just wish I wasnt broke so that I could help my parents. They invested in me and I want to give them something back. I want nothing more than to be financially independent because then I could buy my dignity back you know? I want a better life for my family. But somehow... I cant make it happen. I lost something important along the way.Thank you for reading I hope this was interesting. Please let me know if you can relate!
socialanxiety, One major hurdle that is stopping me making new friends is the fear of them wanting to get to know my friends and telling them I actually have no friends. Afraid of them wondering if I’m a toxic person or a boring person for not having any friends. Although I have to admit I really was an awful friend and I understand my old friends breaking ties with me but I’m terrified that I can’t move on because of my past. I know it sounds like such a stupid worry but it happened before people judge me for not having friends. Kinda feels like a Catch-22.
depression, does anyone else literally feel themselves die on the inside when people say that. like you wouldn’t say that to someone with cancer please don’t say it to me. like i can’t help myself when i can barely move from my bed.
depression, So i feel like my anxiety and depression is affecting my ability to do more than one thing a day. So its hard enough to get motivated to clean my house. But i was a stay at home mom for two years so thats what i did. Well now i have a job. And every day i have to do something for that job. Including filling out paper work or the 5 minute interview its hold the presses on everything else. My house is going to shit and i feel like i cant handle working and bieng a mom becuase working freaks me out so much thats all i think about. I just got the job. People have told me once i get used to it itll get easier. But will it?
mentalhealth, I wonder what this is I never wake up refreshed Im a light sleeper and I tend to wake up at least once every night I wonder if that accounts for something. Also I have a big appetite. Im never suicidal just avoiding people at this point because I feel dumb. Magnesium almost cured me once as well as vitamin D until they stopped.
depression, HelloI have had 4 CBT sessions out of 5. In the 4th CBT session she told me that she would want to try hypno therapy in order to deal with my problem. She never told me if I am suffering any disorder because she thinks I am not actually. It is more of counselling Ill say. I have problem of speaking up to very certain group of people out of fear which has developed over time.But I am not sure what exactly hypnotherapy is and what I should expect from it. Based on my knowledge of hypnotherapy so far I am guessing she would ask me questions about my past which I do not wish to share. Is this what hypnotherapy is? I need to decide ASAP but if the therapy is too intrusive then I am not going to try it. I do not wish to speak about my past in an unconscious state.I do not want to reveal my dirty secrets you can say.SO1. What is hypno therapy exactly and how does it exactly work?2. Does anybody has any experience?3. Is it that intrusive: that I can not know what I am speaking about?4. How do I identify if I really need it or not?5. Most Importantly Will I reveal secrets in hypnosis? DO I have any degree of control?
mentalhealth, A simple question for some maybe but i am really struggling with this one.How do i feel.Im not sad.Im not glad.I just ... Ok a short background hereIm 38 male.Got 3 kids wife decent paid job no major health issues.Grew up in the suburbs plenty of friends.Wasnt bullied good grades until i dropped out of school.No drug or alcohol addiction.At age 7 i was almost sexually assaulted i got away didnt tell anyone.But i got my revenge about 15 years later.Only history of mental illness was a couple of panic anxiety attacks almost 20 years ago.But several friends has asked me how i feel and i honestly dont know how to respond to that.I dont know what i am supposed to feel Its like im a blank sheet its emptynothing.For as long as i can remember i have been like this.I know i have been laughing at times crying. I have felt angersadness and joy.Im not sad nor am i happy...I guess i am ok?
depression, My depression causes me to have insomnia. I also normally have nightmares due to PTSD when I actually do fall asleep. Normally I take sleeping pills to help with this but even with the sleeping pills I wake up constantly throughout the night. Last night I took my sleeping pills and I fell asleep like usual. I had a dream that I passed away from natural causes and I was in heaven. And while I was there I was talking with one of my friends who committed suicide about five years ago. I’ve had a few dreams like this in the past and if I’m being honest I think that my friend is actually talking to me through my dreams. I know that sounds stupid but it’s a comforting thought. Anyway I’m getting off topic. I slept the whole night last night and I’m so happy now.
depression, deleted
depression, Since my father got fatally ill 17ish years ago I have tried really hard to make people happy comfortable even content with issues in their life. So much to the point that Ive thought about doing anything in entertainment social work therapy etc. . Everyone Ive helped I have watched better their life and become more successful and happier. I had about a year of real happiness myself. But for the most time Im just depressed. I lose friends after they realize I talk alot but cant fulfill my own preaching. Its hard because I know Im lazy. I know I have no motivation. But I also know I have the capacity to be great. Soooo why cant I just get shit done and be successful? I just feel like Im falling behind like my life has been stagnant while everyones moves forward almost like I was told before being put into this life to hang fire.
depression, Before quarantine I was in the back half of my ninth grade year and I was a pretty hard worker getting straight A’s doing all my work working out and super motivated for college. When quarantine first started I was actually kind of hype as anyone would be a chance to get out of school pretty much. It was good for the rest of the year. Still had straight A’s and I had even gotten a job at Chick-fil-A during the summer in order to get money for a car. Once tenth grade came around we continued doing virtual learning with a mix of in person learning. Again I was kind of hype as 9th grade has gone so well. Starting off I maintained my straight A’s and the teachers were super lenient when it came to homework and tests. As long as they were turned in by the end of the marking period we got full credit. This however made me slack I didn’t feel like I was motivated to do my work on time and this was the start of my mental decline. I stopped doing my homework and I also stopped talking with friends. I began to start feeling lonely like I wasn’t necessarily alone as I was surrounded by people almost everywhere I went but I felt lonely. There goes my social life. I kind of gave up on being social. It gradually got worse until I felt like my life had no purpose and I started having suicidal thoughts and I contemplated committing 3 times. If I’m being honest the only reason I stopped was because I didn’t feel like burdening my family with funeral costs. I continued having these thought for awhile. Then someone in my life that I cared a lot for noticed that my mental state was declining as I always used to talk to them but since 10th grade started I kind of cut off communication. (For some background this girl I cared about was the girl that I’ve been in love with since 7th grade she doesn’t know. I’ve wanted to tell her but she sees me as a friend). She noticed my mental state and asked me what was wrong I told her because she really is the only person I open up to and she helped me out. For two months she had helped me back up to where I was somewhat stable and I thought that this could be where I told her how I felt. But literally the day I decided I would tell her she told me about the guy she liked and me and him had nothing in common so I knew it wasn’t me. I had lost all courage and my mental state had declined as I tried to distance myself from her and I can’t bring myself to talk to her even though she’s helped me through so much. I’m back in the mental state I was before talking to her. Had anyone going through the same depressive state that I’m going through right now and gotten through it that can give me advice? It’s gotten to the point where I feel like the only thing I can do is ask people on Reddit.
mentalhealth, I dont fucking want to check if that goddamn door is locked or not. Dont you ever tell me what to do. Im checking that damn door for 10th time today. Shit. Fuck you. What the hell is wrong with you? Whats the point of you? Why the fuck do I have to check that fucking door is locked or not regularly?
mentalhealth, Hello I am not a native English speakers. I am going through some medical issues right now and mindful breathing helps me with my mental health. I am using Headspace app for box breathing but it is only one minute. So my question is about box breathing longer videos (&gt; 5 minutes) or just gifs with cute animation. It could be not box breathing (4 7 8 for example) but it must contain phase hold breath and I would prefer cute animation. I would also be thankful for other visual calming exercises (it could be app recommendations or just link with a gift). Thank you in advance!
depression, I’m done with life. I don’t really understand how anyone can live like this. I’m happy for those who can find happiness in this society but it’s just not for me. I can’t live with the fact that we all just have to work miserable jobs with miserable hours just to have a fleck of happiness and then do it all over again. I don’t want to live like this. I don’t dream of being a cog in a machine while the world crumbles around us. A raging pandemic and increasingly consequential natural disasters a rising global temperature and we’re mere years from total societal collapse and civil war. Yet I have to wake up at a shit hour and work slightly above minimum wage to be able to have any happiness in life. It’s ridiculous and I just can’t do it anymore. What’s the point?
depression, Hello /r/depressionSo im 24M I work at a decent sized company in the IT department. I like my job (most days) and my line of work. Im in a very good relationship with a girl I love very much. I didnt have a shitty childhood no history of abuse. You must be thinking Well gee man you seem like everything is going your way whats wrong.For a few years (6+) I had been thinking my issue was just me being exceptionally tired from sleep apnea. I recently had a sleep study and got a CPAP and it has made a pretty big difference in how my body feels. While this is great Im still feeling the same way mentally. I cant bring myself to do much more than the bare minimum and then sit around hopelessly waiting for my work day to be over head home and do the same thing until the day is finished.I have been struggling with what I think to be depression. It takes a HUGE effort for me to do anything get out of bed (forget about being on time for work) do laundry be productive for more than a few hours at work etc.  I also suffer from social anxiety not hopeless or anything I just really have a hard time communicating with anyone who isnt very similar to myself.I dont ever really feel sad which is probably why I have put this off so long. I have for some reason always associated depression with feeling sad. I dont really feel a whole lot just a lot of nothingness and apathy. I occasionally get thoughts about suicide but its nothing I would ever act on.  I still have fun feel loved feel happy love not every day but often enough. There are the rare days (like today) where I cant get myself to get out of bed.Ive recently made an appointment to see a doctor about it which took me about 30 minutes of coaxing myself to hit the call button on my phone. Im really looking forward to hopefully getting my issues worked out. I really want to be able to take my relationships and my career to the next level but my extreme state of apathy is really holding me back.I honestly dont know what im looking for posting this self affirmation I guess.
depression, Ive been holding out until the 16th telling myself that Id finally get an appointment with the person my fiance sees get back on an antidepressant and things would start to get better. Yeah well it turns out my insurance is about as helpful as a steaming pile of shit in the heel of my shoe. They dont cover mental heath visits. It would be 200$ to visit him. Hes a psychologist or psychiatrist whatever. I always confuse those two. Whichever can prescribe medicine.Partly thats my fault since I got the cheapest coverage they had. Because you know I cant make a living wage and actually afford the things I need in life and I definitely couldnt afford a fine for NOT having insurance. Now Im just going to assume this insurance doesnt cover anything I actually need and assume Im fucked. Ill have to call tomorrow and actually find out if I can even get any goddamn therapy with it. Because if I cant I dont know what Im going to do. I can always see my primary physician but I so rarely go to the doctor he really doesnt know very much about me or my history. Plus I have trust issues with GPs prescribing antidepressants and all that. Last time he put me on Buspar and I was* this* close to losing it. Also hes 40 minutes away so is it even really worth it? At this point it seems like getting healthy is just too much of an inconvenience.I literally just want to curl up into a ball in an electric blanket and never talk to or see anyone again. Im being dramatic I know but goddamnit Reddit tomorrow was supposed to be the day I started feeling hopeful again. The day that maybe I could start expecting to start bathing again regularly and going to the store and cooking for my fucking fiance and maybe doing some housework and getting my life together but NO. Now I just feel shattered. Its 5:23PM Ive slept 2 hours today (I got off work at 630AM) and I need to be up and ready for work at 9PM so theres no point in taking a Benadryl now to even try and get to sleep. Am I going to die Reddit? I need pills to get to sleep and pills to stay awake. WTF is wrong with me.
depression, I know that that is a symptom of depression but Im having a hard time making progress on pulling myself out of this most recent relapse.the tl;dr of my situation is that ive been depressed for most of my life with ups and downs but its been really bad ever since i graduated college three years ago. Im gonna go into my personal situation (prepare for rambling) but if youre just interested in the title question jump to the bottom.------------------------------I tried therapy shortly after graduation and was really hopeful about it at first but i stopped going. I didnt have insurance at the time so it was very expensive and I found that our discussions of cognitive behavioral therapy stopped making me feel any better. The discussions centered on the idea that I am depressed because of my negative thoughts and I can control those thoughts by recognizing them for what they are. My therapist tried to stress to me that these thoughts were not valid and I needed to work on dismissing them and not letting them get to me.My issue with that method is that my problems are real. Im depressed because of an overwhelming lack of self confidence and self worth and a feeling of mediocrity compared to everyone else around me. I dont see how Im supposed to look at other people and pretend that they arent superior to me.All of the things that are important to me (relationships/sex music work) Im not good at. occasionally Ill have some time where I start to think Im physically attractive but not anything close to some of the other people in my life. My best friends are really attractive guys and constantly tell casual stories of girls approaching them or getting flustered when theyre around. The stories arent bullshit because every girl I know talks about these guys constantly. My friends are playing shows with their really great bands and Ive been struggling to write a single song for the past ~8 years. I started a new job and I dont expect to be great at it right away but itd be nice to feel like I was good at anything.Its at the point where Im avoiding my best friend because I feel bad about myself whenever hes around. Ive tried to get in shape and I always end up abandoning a workout plan or abandoning a diet after a month or two once my time starts to get limited for whatever reason. Ive been trying really hard to start writing songs and I cant get anything. Im 24 and I feel like its too late for me to catch up to anyone else with this stuff.A lot of the stuff Ive read and the doctors Ive talked to try to stress the fact that things dont have to be bad forever. And yeah thats true maybe one day theyll be better. Thats completely possible but Ive been feeling this way for most of my life. Why would it stop? Ive tried really hard to fix these things and take direct action against my issues and Ive never made any lasting progress. Ive done workout plans Ive done personal training with professionals Ive taken guitar lessons (at the age of 24 which feels really ridiculous when my friends are all in bands playing shows) Ive set strict schedules for myself with time set aside for self-improvement Ive read tons of articles and books about all of the things I want to pursue and I never get better at any of the things I care about. Working out never got fun for me it was always a frustrating boring experience that never really gave me results. Same goes for writing music. For a little while my therapist tried to focus on getting me to not compare myself to others rather than focusing on dismissing automatic thoughts but that seems ridiculous. I dont live on an island Im surrounded by people all the time. We live in communities and were social creatures why should our worth not be measured relative to other people? If Im not really attractive or really good at music or really good at my job what value do I objectively have? Why would it be okay to be average? I dont want to be average. Whats the point of living my life as a just okay person?--------------------------------------Ive been going back to therapy and studying mindfulness and CBT again and Im hitting the same wall that I hit last time. The actual problem Im struggling with just comes down to: how are you supposed to dismiss negative thoughts when they are objectively true? I am not the person I want to be and I have tried for many years to change who I am. I have been a very shitty boyfriend and have either been left by my girlfriends or ruined the relationship every time. Ive only ever been mildly attractive at best and Ive never been able to write a single song in my life. Those arent really subjective opinions. It feels like CBT just wants me to put my fingers in my ears and not listen to the truth of a situation.Am I seeing things incorrectly here? Does anyone else struggle with CBT like this? It seems like CBT is the major focus of most depression therapy today. What am I supposed to do?
mentalhealth, Hello Reddit im 17 years old male i never had a girlfriend before now im fucking angry when i see couples i got jealous and really angry like i want to fight with them also i dont know how to talk with girls when i see some ugly guy talking with girl im getting really really really angry inside like im burning my friends doesnt help me to find girlfriend so fuck them they always say - calm down you gonna get girlfriend just wait they can be in relationship but i cant im going to gym im fit i dress nice im taking shower everyday im using bodysprays but some guys with greasy hair disgusting smell can get girlfriend im getting tired of this im angry really angry.
depression, Everyday I wake up and jump in to my high stress job full of deadlines and high expectations. I lead a team of professionals  and have been successful in my position. Everyday I am the calm center of chaos and handle it well but just below the surface I am  drowning.. while gasping for air I am keeping  a calm facade because men shouldnt show pain. What people dont see is that  I feel like a utter failure.  I feel like I am a mimic  a faker an actor playing a role waiting every minute for the adults to call me out. I am not young either. I have done a lot of wild things in my time in the military and by most accounts been successful professionally so why do I feel like a failure. I guess I just feel  completely alone with not many friends and the few I have feels forced and not genuine. My relationship with my family  is cold and distant but I have always had trouble with human connections. My wife thinks I am a bit autistic but I dont see it.  I also just fail in my marriage for so many reasons but thats a whole post by itself. It just doesnt seem like I am that important to anyone but admittedly my social awkwardness and is a bit much.I want so bad to be close to people but cant figure it out.And so it goes high flying professional career during the day and sad pathetic existence at night. I am a really lame version of Batman. The night time is the worst time for me. Revenge sleep procrastination usually has me go to bed late. I am fine with limited sleep and I usuallly work on 4 hours of sleep a night with at least 2 completely unnecessary all nighters a month. This is maintained till about week 3 of that and then I will catch up and do a solid 8. I usually fall asleep sad thinking about how things are in my life but also hesitant because I know what is coming. In the middle of the night I am jolted awake .My body electric and buzzing with my fight or flight response convincing my brain I am in danger. I am sweating I hear my heart beating in my head and instantly start thinking about how god awful I am as a man as a husband as a friend. My shame spiral is only mixed with thoughts of being betrayed or just a huge disappointment and so it goes till I settle. There is no epifany no catharsis just enough time to invite my tired brain to rest after all we will do this again tomorrow night
depression, I went to see a psychiatrist for the first time today. Ive been seeing a therapist for about half a year with some issues--most notably an eating disorder that Im now in recovery from. The psychiatrist prescribed Zoloft for me but Im extremely apprehensive about taking it. She told me there are little side effects and that it will not cause weight gain. I feel like shes saying that just to appease me. Ive heard Zoloft causes weight gain and especially having had an eating disorder I do not want to gain any weight as Im already pretty uncomfortable with the weight Ive gained back in recovery. Im eighteen years old and I eat healthily and run nearly every day. I dont want to go on a medication and screw up my body. I also just dont like the idea of taking medication in general. I feel like its unnecessary. Ive read about a lot of people that have taken Zoloft and its really messed them up. But my mom really wants me to try the medication. What do I do? Has anyone else tried Zoloft? Experiences?
mentalhealth, Ive tried to schedule new appointments with several psychiatrists and psychologists in my area and it seems like the scheduling systems (if you can even call them that) are absolute garbage. I have depression which means its often nearly impossible for me to motivate myself to do things especially if that thing is calling an office and following up with phone tag and some ridiculous process to just get into the system--not even get an appointment. Odds are if I cant schedule easily Im not going to because when Im at my worst I just cant put in the effort. I know other people who have had this same issue and have ended up not getting help when they wanted/needed it. Not sure if I just have terrible offices in my area or if this a universal problem. Anyone else?
depression, [Light]...i guess. I dont know how tagging works here. I have cerebral palsy but I am normal looking except for the wheelchair or crutches go to a pretty prestigious uni would consider myself of above average intelligence have friends a boyfriend contribute a lot to my uni and wider society etc etc.But to most people at least on reddit just because I have a disability I am a drain on the government or a burden on my family. People only pretend to like me or compliment me because they feel bad for me. I make those around me uncomfortable and frankly I should have been aborted.Most of the people on here would have aborted me because of my disability. Most of the people here dont think I should exist and that they wouldnt want me to exist if I was their child.On the confessions sub Ive genuinely seen people whove molested their siblings receive comments that are more positive than those regarding disabled people.This is partly so frustrating because Ive done so much and most of my overachieving was pushed by a kind of subconscious need to be really good at everything so that people wouldnt think badly of me because of my disability but it hasnt worked.
depression, Hello reddit userI have a question and it sounds stupid but Im 22 years old now. and I have no idea what to do with my life goals I have at the moment are not so big and I cant find any other goals I know where my place in the world is and it looks like I have reached the point where I cant reach the next step or it feels like Ive reached the finish line. has anyone of you ever experienced anything like this before?
depression, Anybody else find themselves triggered when friends or acquaintances post things on social media that they think are motivating to others but end up triggering you?Stuff like:- No excuses- Choose to be happy- Cant make you show upI could go on but I feel it triggering me.Do you ignore those posts? Do you hide them from your feed or logoff so you cant see them? Do you engage the OP and explain to them how a statement like that could be triggering to someone suffering from a mental illness?
depression, Im clinically depressed.  Maybe PTSD but I dont think to think of that. Years of tharapy has helped me identify a possible why? But Im having trouble gaining the skills to move forward. Im having trouble with self confidence.  EMDR didnt work.My partner did Landmark a few years ago and only now is getting back into it. She also is starting to have real heart to heart conversations with me. Its more progress than shes made in years of tharapy. But I also think its in addition to us being in an emotionally stable place and having a predictable routine.But shes in that part of her forum where they get real culty and pressure people to join. The only reason I am interested is because of the progress she has made and that I want to continue to keep a healthy open dialog with us. But Im also curious of tackling my own depression at another angle. I just hate how much pressure they put on members and non-members to join / bring new people in. Also the price is ridiculous. Im generally curious of anyone who brushed off the recruitment pressure did the forum took some skills that they needed or found something that helped them deal with depression symptoms and moved on? Has anyone had a good experience?Suggestions on alternatives?
depression, I’m in a relationship with a really good guy we started strong and it kind of moved a little fast then he started night shift and in the middle of it it’s like he just had a totally breakdown and all these issues came up with his ex and his depression he thought he had dealt with. In turn this causes massive issues for me because it made me feel really insecure about his commitment and it just became a massive source of tension for us constantly so we decided to take a break until he was off night shift. We both agreed to take space but regardless he still messages me all the time and even though we aren’t spending time together in person it feels very much that we are still together... he came to my house the other night because I wasn’t texting him back (he was texting me a lot and I needed a break) so he just showed up thinking all this crazy stuff professing his love hugging and kissing me then the next day I tried to talk to him and he was just dismissive and said he didn’t know anything about the future or how to think of it and that he doesn’t want to think about it... I told him he needs to stay out of my life until he knows what he wants - the only problem is I’m madly in love with him and now every part of me just feels angry and resentful and lied to... like I naively feel in love with him and he just pulled the rug out from under me.... I don’t know how to deal with this feeling and I’m not sure if there’s coming back from it... my depression has been awful since this whole thing began and seems to just get worse the more in my life he is but I know he’s going through a lot right now too and I don’t know what to do... Help :(
mentalhealth, I want to destroy the world. I want to scream and shout and release all my anger onto the world. See if ut can take what it has made me become. (Wow that sounds wrong but its just a metaphor. Dont worry i wont do anything extreme.) Idk why im do angry. I have no reason to be. The only two emotions i feel these days (or at least feel the most) is anger and indulgement. And im sleeping again. I should not sleep. What am i doing? Im tired of this life. Im tired of feeling this way. Ive posted too many posts just this already. This is gerting too old.My dad made my sister give up her summer course because he didnt want me home alone. People say just talk to them. Ley them know how u feel. Then you can come to a desision together. Well i talked to them. And what happened? It fucking went to nowhere. I never want to talk to anyone again.I wish i did not exist. I wish i just wasnt born.
depression, This year is my 8th and final year of university. Im almost 26. 4 years of tuition payment pending upon graduation and I have no realistic idea how to pay it off or how to get a loan for it. Ill have just enough credits to graduate if I hardcore study this year but its all meaningless if I cant pay the tuition. I live in Japan and every senior student is out job hunting right now. Im at least 4 years older than them and not even sure of my graduation. Im so inadequate unqualified a disappointment. I cant get myself to apply for an interview. I can already feel the humiliation.I drag myself to uni everyday because I need the credits. Its my only chance pursuing a career or making something good out of life but the odds are so much against me. Everything I do seems too late too little and makes me not want to put in the effort.I fucked my life up and I know it.  Im a failure and its too late to fix it. I dont want to keep living life as one either. I hardly open facebook or twitter anymore. I have very little friends left.Everyday I think of suicide or some other easy way out.Today I stumbled upon this subreddit and it made me feel a bit better. Am I depressed or am I just a lazy twat?
depression, Im almost at the end of my final year in college and Im never gonna get a job when I get out .most of my friends already got a job and I cant and dont want to .yes I only want to fucking die rather passing my life like a zombie working some shitty job and disappointing every single person I meet in my life . Death is the only way I can think of to be in peace
depression, They dont last for more than a minute then Im back to my default depressed self. In those moments its like my survivalist other half is in control and I wish hed stay anf last long enough for me to get stuff done..
depression, Throughout my life I’ve generally been pretty positive I’ve been fortunate enough to live a happy life grow up with an amazing family and have a great childhood while most of my adult life being decent. But now it is horrible. I’ve made so many mistakes this year that I won’t let myself get over. I do not feel worthy of happiness. My family has dealt with serious medical issues. I lost the chance to be with the person I love. I’ve forgotten how to cope with emotions. My mental health deteriorated. I cannot go for more than a week without breaking down and going back to a bad place. I am drinking more often than I ever have.  I resorted to a knife to feel something else. No matter the help I receive be it from family friends even strangers (bless all of them) nothing has fixed me. I am considering professional help but I’m skeptical of it being effective. I’m sorry if this sounds minuscule compared to other’s situations and this is just a waste of time. I don’t know what else to do right now. If anyone ends up reading this though thank you.
depression, Jk Jk... unless??? Hahah no jk. I mean... if you want to? Jk jk haha.
depression, Ive taken antidepressants for four years. I first started when I was hospitalized briefly went off them when I was in a coma from a traumatic brain injury and went back on them once I learned how to swallow again.My first psychiatrist was pretty cool. My second one was great very realistic and focused. My current one . . . has a different method. Most of the time we dont talk about my medication. Talking to him is tiring.I dont know how to tell my parents I want to see another psychiatrist though. Part of me is telling myself that Im just a whiny little snowflake bitch who lets her brain injury tempt her to scream at her psychiatrist. I dont trust him to talk about anything other than medication though which is the opposite of how much I trusted my last psychiatrists.I dont know.
depression, Im ^so tired.So fucking tired.
depression, Not too long ago i had bought some duct tape 3 inch tubing and some cardboard. I was planning on taping the tubing to my exhaust and run it in through the window and using the cardboard to cover the open part of the window. Got to a point of my life that i just couldn’t take it anymore. I’m cohabiting with my kids mother cause we can’t afford living separately and she’s always starting arguments about this and that and I can’t even date because the last two times i tried she sabotaged it. So as i was sitting in my car contemplating doing it i just happened to look at my phone and saw a picture of my youngest daughter she’s 6. I think she saved me because i just couldn’t go on knowing that she and her sisters will be alone without me. I’ve tried to before with a bunch of sleeping pills but it didn’t work out. Honestly don’t know how to keep on going. I feel like i’m stuck with no way out.
depression, My life just seems like a black hole. There is nothing going for me anymore its just the same shit everyday. I look into the mirror every morning and see a tired lonely defeated empty person. I dont like my job its just me putting up with bullshit and when I do lots of good and extra work for everybody nobody notices. My girlfriend lives in another country and I think she starting to not give a shit about me anymore probably has cheated on me because who would want to stay with me anyways. I jerk off so much that Ive become addicted to porn and when we had sex for the first time I couldnt get it up of course. My family is absolutely the worst and anoy me so much apart from my dad that I want to just punch a wall out. Im 20 now still have no idea what I want to do for school and I could care less about it. I have crap all for friends anymore except for one and I think he doesnt really care. I eat shit food all the time never sleep. I just lay in bed in my room all day every day work jerk off and eat thats it. I cant even bother to play video games or anything anymore. I just dont know. I feel nothing just empty and cold.
depression, For the most part I just play videogames for most of the day. I do this because I can just forget about the reality around me for the time I’m playing and emirs myself into it and sometimes I almost feel a non-temporary happiness. But my mom doesn’t like me just playing games all day because I haven’t told her about the fact I think I have depression and that I play games all day because it lets me ignore whats going on around me and is one of the only things that give me joy. I don’t want to tell her because I feel like if I get checked for it I would just lie about my real emotions like I’ve subconsciously taught myself to to and then she would think I was lying about my real emotions.
depression, Ive always been fighting this on and off but I no longer feel like I have the strength to go on doing it.Im tired I feel defective like I was born like this when others werent and I have to burn myself out every day just so I can resemble a barely functioning person.And I dont feel like I can keep this upIm tired
depression, Hello everybody. this is my first post (i just registered) and i hope someone will read this. i hope to feel (at least) a little better by letting out anonymously what ive been feeling and whats keeping me from living and enjoying my life and be happy. Im from Guadalajara Mexico. i turned 24 last january and i feel completely hopeless and lost. i dont know what to do. my life is full of regret. ive been feeling like these for years since i was a teenager but i never imagined it would be something serious that would interfere with my life. i feel i have lost control of my life i have no freedom at all.im completely unable to relate or get close to people i cant meet new people not out of fear of being rejected or social anxiety but how horrible i feel broken lost sometimes i dont even feel like myself anymore. im almost sure that im sunken in a severe depression but i havent gone to a therapist because i cant afford it by now (but i really want and need it) nor given a diagnostic yet. though everyday is the same senseless boring rutine i have been feeling worse lately i dont know whats happening to me. i feel that my life is over and i never felt alive not even once.when i was younger i didnt care for school at all.i was an angry and lazy student who never cared about the future.i never listen to my parents and grandparents i felt they were just annoying me and forcing me to go to school. i didnt listen to them out of my arrogance and stupidity. i was so inmature i didnt have a goal nor a dream and because of that i always feel regret guilt and shame. and now that i do have a dream and a reason to live and all i want is to fix my life and get it back it seems that i cannot do it anymore that its too late for me. i feel that i missed out a lot of experiences.back in august 2013 i started attending a private university to study computer engineering. at the start things were a little hard for me (i started 1 month later than the rest and had to catch up with all the themes and homework) but i studied a lot and put a lot of effort. the 1st semester went by fast and i got good grades. i felt that finally i was making a progress and doing things right.i thought i was getting my life back but i was so wrong and made a big mistake when i transferred to the public university. i was so excited because i got accepted but everything went wrong since then. the subjects i took and approved on my former school were from the old study plan and they no longer exist so i had to start from 1st semester again. the past semester was a waste of time even i learned a lot and enjoyed it it was no good now. i tried not to get angry and cheer myself up thinking that i had finally been accepted at the public uni but i had an awful experience there i didnt learn nothing i felt so out of place confused and suffocated with the new study plan and i decided to drop out and change my degree (this happened in april). i had to wait until august so i could apply for the Universidad de Ciencias Sociales y Humanidades (University of Social Sciences and Humanities) because i love languages and my dream is to be a translator/interpreter and language teacher and learn as many languages as i can.i changed my degree to Hispanic Letters. while i waited to take my admission exam and hopefully be accepted i worked with my father for 6 months and studied and worked for the exam like i never did before (specially math). when the results came out i found out that i werent accepted and i felt so frustated and upset but also very stupid and ashamed. i had let my late grandfather down and myself again. i wasted another year for absolutely nothing. The University offers available places for rejected students so they keep studying. i applied for a place and i was accepted in Sociology. when i started i had no idea what this degree is about. worst of all i have evening classes by now and come back late home. though the degree is very interesting i dont feel motivated at all at least by now. i cant concentrate retain nor understand what i read sometimes and this is making things harder for me but i cant nor want to change my degree. i dont want to waste any more time. i only want to graduate as soon as i can. i know its stupid that im saying this because i started 2 months ago but i hope i can make by taking extra classes and summer courses. i feel that if i have only studied before i would have been graduated by this time. i hate that i cant do anything i love anymore i cant read i cant draw i cant enjoy music or movies. i hate that i cant learn languages here.well im learning japanese now but i cannot concentrate anymore and i feel im not learning nor making a progress and i hate this. im stuck here and i feel i will never my grandmothers house and be independent nor fulfill my dream.i know im being too negative but i cant avoid nor change it. everyday is so dark and empty. the only person that keeps me alive and gives me real hope and motivation is my girlfriend (shes moroccan and lives in Morocco by now). we started school at the same time she will graduate soon and im so happy and proud of her but i just started again and because of this. i feel so useless and worthless. ive felt so alone and desperate because unfortunately we are not together by now. my biggest dream is to be with her and marry her but sometimes i feel i will never be with her and lose her. im so terrified to lose her. she told me she will never leave me and that shell always be with me in all cases. now i realize that im losing myself because of this awful depression. i cant think clearly my mind and my thoughts are all distorted.i feel selfish writing i feel over and over but its hard for me by now to express all this. i have never thought about suicide because i love life with all my heart and i want to spend and enjoy whats left of it with my girlfriend and be happy together but sometimes i wish to disappear to die. i dont think theres a difference between how i feel and being dead. i cant stand this.anyone tell me please have you ever feel like this? or have you been through something similar? thatno matter what you do even if you work hard and give your best you always end up making stupid mistakes that cut your life short dissapointed and wasting time?thank you for reading all this. thank you for your time and attention.sincerely Leon.
mentalhealth, Throwaway account - this year has not been the best with family deaths dealing with hospice (family member not me) parents divorce and more family stress in general - however whenever I think of these things I feel like it almost didn’t happen. It’s hard to explain but in the moment I feel sad about it but after that it almost doesn’t feel real or like it didn’t happen. Ex) with one of my family members who passed I know they’re gone and the funeral was tough but now I just can’t picture them gone I know they are but in the back of my head they’re just on another trip or something. I’m thinking this might just be part of the grieving process and I know people grieve in different ways but I’m just curious. I know reddit isn’t the best place to go with this stuff but I am probably going to go see a doctor soon (persistent head rush whenever I stand maybe that’s something too who knows lol) so maybe I’ll bring it up there What are your opinions?
mentalhealth, Every time a small bad thing happens I become unreasonably sad and I feel like I *need* to feel that way for some reason. I’d really like to become happier and more careless. Thanks in advance! Any advices will be VERY appreciated!
mentalhealth, This is a bit of a throwaway post but I just need to write my thoughts and feelings because I feel I’m going nuts.I took a break from working for 6 months because I spontaneously quit my job last November due to being overly stressed exhausted and burnt out. I’ve been doing nonstop therapy programs and getting the help I need so I can get past my trauma and life and into a healthier transition.But it feels like It isn’t working. It’s been only a week since I graduated my last program (im still doing 1v1 therapy but it’s only once a week while the programs are 3-5 times a week). And I’ve been on edge I’ve snapped at people I’ve felt trapped stressed overstimulated. I feel invisible to everyone around me and I feel that nobody truly understands the insanity of my own head. I feel like shit. I want to cry I want to scream and it’s hard not to lash out on people right now because I don’t think anyone realizes just how tormented I am being in this body being in my own head and just wanting to escape.I don’t feel sane I feel I’m slowly losing my marbles and all the work I’ve put in to improve myself and my mental state isn’t working. I have all the coping mechanisms in the book but it takes more energy to execute those coping mechanisms and I don’t have that energy to spare. I just want to be left alone and left to rot in my own room and shut everyone and everything off.Existence is too hard.
depression, Pretty much the title. Ive been struggling with depression and anxiety for as long as I can remember. My girlfriend knew this and seemed to understand as she was depressed when she was younger. I moved country to be with her.I had a particularly bad day and broke down told her Im the worst Ive been and I just want it to end. She responds by saying shell try her best to help. She becomes distant starts hanging around with some guy from work. She lies about being with him and going for drinks. She tells me she doesnt know if she loves me anymore and we break up.After that we still had to live together for 3 weeks until I came back to my home country. She was cold and continued to hang out with this guy at points when she was in a bad mood shed even bring him up just to rub my face in it.Ive pretty much been on a path of self destruction drinking too much. Hurting myself. All the while she is back in her country happy with her new life and Im just fucking miserable.I did my best to help her with her problems and this is how she treats me. She emotionally abused me throughout the relationship as well stopping me from socialising if she wasnt there and making me feel bad constantly about trivial things.How is any of this fair?
depression, Hi! It’s my first day in the psych ward closed one and I’m scared shitless. I miss my girlfriend and my cats. I can’t stop crying.
mentalhealth, A close friend of mine has told me that I’m too apathetic towards their interests when im not. It’s been a while since i actually expressed my emotions and feelings outwardly. Even when i feel happy it takes so much more energy if i smile so i keep i express it towards myself. I have a lot of trouble expressing my emotions but it doesn’t mean I don’t have them. I fear that they don’t think i have emotions because I don’t express it. I don’t want to seem like i hate them or i’m not interested in what their saying when i feel the exact opposite in what their thinking of me.how can i show someone that i am genuinely interested and like being around them when i have a monotonous voice and often get misinterpreted?
mentalhealth, Any tips to help distinguish the two?
mentalhealth, I think I’ve pretty much always had the feeling that certain people in my life secretly hate me. I’m practically always wrong though. I started a new job about a month ago and I get along well with just about all my coworkers but I always get the feeling that both the store managers hate me. Neither of them have been mean to me at all but I still get the chills every time I see one of them. I feel on edge for 8 hours straight every time I go to work. It’s gotten to the point that I don’t even really enjoy my job anymore because I think the store managers are anxiously waiting for me to make a mistake so they can fire me. My first week I really liked my job I even thought it was kinda fun but now I’m so nervous that all I want to do when I’m there is leave. I just want to be happy again. How do I stop assuming people hate me and are actively plotting against me?
mentalhealth, I’m 23 (M) and I find it so difficult to talk about how I feel mentally to my friends I know they love and will support me but it’s so difficult for me to open up to them about my deepest worries. I struggle to build up relationships with people due to being raped when I was about 11 years old I can’t bring myself to tell people this as it makes me feel weak and makes me question my masculinity. I feel like it would be easier to tell a girl about this as I feel they will understand it better. My relationship with my mum is toxic at times as she is an alcoholic and take out here frustrations on me she always compares me to my sister who is 30 and makes me feel inferior. I have loads of qualifications 13 GCSE’s 3 A-Levels and a 2-1 in History. But I’m struggling to find what I want to do long term. When I was 6 years old my dad committed suicide as he found out my mum was cheating on him he was a highly successful lawyer and I only have one vague memory about him it pains me that I can’t remember him. I originally wanted to follow in his footsteps and become a lawyer but I just wasn’t good enough at it during A-Levels I passed but I was much better at History and more passionate. In some senses I understand I’ve gotta go for what makes me happy but I also feel like I failed him and I failed my self. I have a great relationship with my step dad who is the person my mum cheated with on my original dad as he was my father figure growing up. He helped me so much to grow into a man. But in recent times particularly before the turn of last year I have really struggled. Bottling up my emotions doesn’t help and I would find it harder to go talk to a therapist as it’s someone I don’t know. I can only talk about my mental health when I am absolutely wasted as it gives me confidence. Since October 2021 I have turned heavily to drink and cocaine to give me confidence and happiness and to give me the chance that I might open up at some point to one of my friends who I’ll be out with they all know I’m struggling but they don’t know how deep it goes. With the rate I’m going i can’t see myself reaching my 30’s something will kill me with what I do on a night out. Cocaine is a drug I said I would never touch but it’s one of the few things that give me happiness even if it’s only for a short amount of time.I can quit it easily and I did go 8 months without drinking and 4 months without doing cocaine. But being inside on my own makes me feel so depressed. I’ve been single for a long time as I struggle to build that confidence to pursue girls who I like. But not having anyone makes me feel empty. I’m currently on a 4 day bender and I don’t know when it will stopSorry for the very long post but I appreciate anyone who reads this
mentalhealth, I use an app to be prescribed my 10mg Lexapro and my 150mg wellbutrin. Until I can meet with my prescriber again (which is August 30th) they won’t fill my prescription. I run out tomorrow which means two weeks without meds. What can I expect symptoms wise?
mentalhealth, Todays outwards blog thoughts 📷Mental Health! The big one right now.
depression, My parents dont understand it when I say that Im feeling terrible or that Im too drained to do anything. They just say Dont be lazy and get up its just not motivating and only makes me feel worse.
depression, I live about an hour away from her and I dont have a car yet so my only option is to get to her by train. I personally never suffered through depression. At my worst I had feelings that I am not worth much and low self-worth. Nothing that I would amount to depression.My girlfriend honestly seems miserable. Combined by a few factors and causes she honestly feels extremely worthless at times. She suffers from OCD and gets panic attacks that I do my best to help her through. I try to support her and encourage her because I dont think that the help she is getting now is doing much if really anything at all. Its honestly difficult because I never suffered to the extent that she does and at times she feels like she doesnt deserve my love even though she is the most thoughtful and bright woman Ive ever met. She feels suicidal and I feel extremely helpless because I literally cannot do anything. It feels that no matter how much I hold her nor how much I try to help her the situation doesnt get better and it feels like she hasnt felt better in the year that shes been in college and that weve dated. I feel helpless and I dont know at all what to do. I need her in my life and I just cant cope with this.Can someone please give me advice or talk to me or PM me. I feel so fucking hopeless. I cant lose her. I am probably going to fall asleep soon (its 2am here).
mentalhealth, I had a chance to fix things. I had a shot at my dream job. But I couldnt quite meet their high standards. I failed. Thats all there really is to it. I failed and I failed right into another godawful job market. I failed. Its the only thing left that I can say to myself that I really believe. I failed. I put on a happy face and thanked them for the amazing opportunity. I have new references. I updated my resume skills and summary statement for my job site profiles and will be applying to jobs that match my skills. I revived my personal projects last night. I signed back into leetcode and will be once again incorporating it back into my routine. Im taking the logical steps that I know to take.But why? I still failed.My wife says I should use this moment to finally get some therapy.Why? I failed. Therapy wont get me money for rent and food plus my last try with therapy convinced me its a scam. Watching my wife go through therapy also convinces me its a scam but I keep my mouth shut there and dont piss on her parade.I failed and I dont see what I should look forward to. Im not going to harm myself but I dont see the point in my existence. I failed my wife. I failed my family. I failed myself. I failed life.
mentalhealth, They don’t know anything about the assaults. They also loved my ex. I have depression and anxiety already and I’m scared adding on one more diagnosis will just make them think I’m being over dramatic.
depression, I am so sick of everything. Ever since Covid I became just the worst version of myself. I feel like I’m losing my mind and on a constant edge. I have so many melt downs and break downs within these two years I can’t even count anymore. I’m sick of everything. I feel like Covid took everything away from me my friends who went back to their home countries my sanity my joy and my fucking will to live. I feel like I’m on constantly on the verge of wanting to just end it all. It feels like it just takes one thing to truly push me over the edge. I’m tired!! I’m so fucking tired!!! I sometimes wish my life will end. Just to add salt to injury I’m going on fucking lockdown and I can’t fucking stand it going outside is my only source of sanity and it’s being ripped away from Fuck Covid
depression, I used to be so depressed. Everyday of my life was pure torture. I was a kissless virgin. I had never had any romantic encounter with the opposite sex. Everyday I wished I was dead.It all changed when I was put on female hormone therapy.All of a sudden a brand new world opened up to me.I get hit on by hot guys who want to fuck me all the time. I felt so much happier.Maybe you should try it too.
depression, If I have no control or power I dont want to live. I want to control everything since I cant I dont want to live. I dont want too. Choice matters.
depression, I dont enjoy life. I suffer from suffer anxiety and depression. I really want to die but I never end up going through with it but just hate life everyday. Its never ending. Ive gonna into art and started appreciating life more. Ive tried being more social and still. Im completely out of ideas.
mentalhealth, On a previous post I received a comment that prompted me to give interacting with other people another try. The comment centered on the idea that humans are social creatures despite how lonely one may be. That comment really made me rethink. It made me question whether or not people would actually listen to you if I just smoothly ease them into a personal conversation. Easy target of course my family members. I joined them on a trip of some sorts. My mom dad my two sisters and I were to look around inquiring for colleges my sister could enroll in. By luck I ended up in a situation wherein I was sitting between my mom and one of my sisters. The situation was BEGGING for me to start a topic. And so I did. I brought up a topic about a technical problem I had for the entirety of the last school year(Its still online classes in my country). My mom was already made aware of this since back then. I was really delighted that I had the chance to have this conversation. But as a sick joke from the gods above I came to realize I was completely mislead by this opportunity. Because as the conversation went on it became obvious neither wanted to talk to me. They kept repeatedly asking me the same questions hoping it would tire me out and make me stop my loud obnoxious talking. At some point theyd even branch off to another conversation excluding me but do it subtly enough as to not make their intentions obvious. At one point they even asked a very irrelevant question when I brought up PTC. My mom replied to it locking eyes with my sister with Parent-teacher...whats the last one?. This of course is not verbatim but you get the point. These people actively hate me. I dont even talk to them so what gave them the impression that Im a bad person? How come they wouldnt give me a chance? Fuck. I really really am hopeless. Im not even looking for advice anymore or anything. I just want to get that out of the way. Why do you guys hate me when you rarely see me do shit? What gave you the impression that Im to be hated?
depression, I kept telling myself things will get better when I find a job or when I get a license.But Im 26 now. Nothing has changed. Ive gotten worse. Now I cant leave my house. Its not that Im agoraphobic. Its just so hard to be away from my mattress for more than an hour. I lie in bed for most of my days.Its hard to keep hope alive when Im so utterly incapable of even normal tasks.
depression, What do you do when their is nowhere to go? When your happy place just makes you sad? When everything you do will always be pointless? When every decision you make is a mistake? What do you do when you just cant move on anymore? What do you do when your miracles are someone to take time out of their to yell at you? What do you do when youre the reason your parents stop spending time at home?
socialanxiety, I just learned I can disable facetime and that makes me so fuckin happy. thank god no more having to ignore facetime calls. after telling certain people that I do not like facetime they continue trying to video call me on it and it pisses me off.
depression, I always get super deep in my depression around my birthday. These last few birthdays have been so disappointing lolMaybe thats just apart of growing up.I get to start drinking legally this year so theres that.Anyway happy birthday if its your day soon 💕 hope you have a good one.
depression, Lately Ive been in a very deep hole. I mean Ive been depressed since the start of my teenage years but over the past few months Ive been feeling exceptionally bad hitting new all-time-lows each day without a single day free of it. No breaks and no brakes in a perpetual self-fuelling motion machine. Its been getting worse so much worse and I dont see it getting better anytime soon. But theres one thing that has also changed. Ive stopped lying about it or hiding it. Nowadays Ive been openly telling people with a laugh that I might kill myself one of these days. Im overall morbid all the time by simply being honest. And its so amusing. Its probably the only positive thing that happens in my life lately. But this morbid sense of humour I have is sort of spiralling at the same rate as my own self-hatred. So at least I have a bit of fun with it. Anyway I dont know where I was going with this. But I thought Id share anyways. Because honesty in dark topics is probably the most hilarious thing lately. Cheers.
mentalhealth, HiI am not sure this is the right place to post. I have a friend who is essentially more of a pen pal despite not living too far away from me. Ive known him for just under a year and mostly kept in touch because we have similar interests.Now during this whole time hes just been cycling through burnout and overwork and burnout. He has been diagnosed with quite a few things and is taking medication for adhd anxiety and depression. The thing is lately it seems that he is completely deflated and uninterested. He doesnt want ti meet up because of work and because of imposter syndrome I guess. I feel like he is slowly killing himself. I am not a close friend but it hurts me to see him like this and I dont know what to do about it? I feel like I keep trying but its a bit like speaking to a wall. I checked in with him and he says he enjoys talking to me but Im not sure how long I can watch this crash. Especially as I am currently trying going through a bit of a tough time.How do you guys think I should proceed? Im quite lost.
depression, I have a lot of friends. All of them loves me but still I feel so lonely that even I cant describe it. 2 days ago they invited me to one of our friends birthday party. I said okay thats awesome etc. I went there. I felt like everyone sees me but no one hears or cares about me. And this happens all the time not only there. I dont know what to do. Whenever I go somewhere with my friends I cant enjoy.Also all my friends has girlfriends. Although they are calling me that I am the most handsome person among them I dont have a girlfriend. This makes me sad as well because while they are kissing snuggling etc. I am just waiting for them finishing their shit.I really fucking dont know what to do. I feel like I have no friends. Please help me how can I get over this situation.By the way I am so sorry for writing my little problem here. I know this is not that big but I have been feeling so bad.Thank you.
depression, Everything became too much last night we took my mom to the doctor and she turned around and told me that I was a liar and I was working with people who were out to get her. My father did not support me in any of this and my brother of course could not care less. I reached out to my only friend and all she said was that she was at the gym and that she was sorry and then I reached out to my fwb who I had opened up to about this stuff he also couldnt see me and comfort me. I drove and cried for hours I went to the movies to distract myself. I reached out again to them and both said no they were too busy. I never felt so alone in my life.Last night I couldnt find a blade to start cutting again. This morning my fwb was upset that I had deleted him off snap and gave me an ultimatum go to therapy or never see him again. I told him he wasnt my father and I only went to him for physical comfort and sex so he decided that I should only contact him when I need sex.Right now Im sitting with a few superficial cuts to my wrist cuz my blade is a flimsy one from one of my razors first time cutting since February.Dont give me advice if you want to send comforting words go ahead I know Im fucked up already.
depression, I am at the lowest point in my life right now. My friends know and dont fucking care. My family know half but I cant upset them further I just want someone to talk too. Ive been a good person my entire life and just been walked all over. At the end of my tether!!
depression, Not really an important post. Just wanted to say that it’s crazy to me that there are people out there that don’t have suicidal thoughts daily. The fact that I have suicidal thoughts daily and the fact that I have NORMALIZED that as if everyone on earth goes through it shows my time on this earth needs to end sooner rather than later. I’ve been zoning out blanking out and straight up forgetting everything for the past few months because my mind just wanders into this blank depressed suicidal state and it’s ruining the current life I have left. This shit is just insane.
depression, can anyone relate^
depression, I’m writting a letter for this friend whom mean alot to me. I cant believe that a person like me is lucky enough to have met someone like her. I love her so so much and I would do anything for her to be happy. I truly wish her the best. She deserves to be treated better by this world. I just miss her sm and I’m bawling my eyes out rn. Though I don’t think i will change my decision anytime soon. I’m posting this here because writing about my feelings make me feel better and I have no one to tell this too. Thank you for reading
mentalhealth, As a teenager. I thought I suffered with social anxiety but looking back. It wasnt me being scared of having a conversation with a person. I legitimately thought every stranger was against me hated me and wanted to physically or emotinally harm and I didnt trust anyone apart from my close friends ( which were only 3) and my family.I remember when I was 8 years old. There were group of teenagers who would always wait for me outside to hurt me and somedays would actually harm me. I remember one day they came in my house stole my football (soccer ball if youre American. Im from the uk) and when I went out to get it back. I remember all 4 of them beating me up. (There were 4 of them and they were twice my age at the time). I remember them chasing me with a ladder another day and I also remember being cornered by them and they all had bamboo sticks and I was only saved from a beating because a woman heard my cry for help and she stopped them from hurting me. They also got a lot of people to join in with them. This happened for 2 years. The bullies then moved away one day and I thought it was over but then I went to high school with the paranoia and bullies there preyed on me and I then started thinking everyone in the world hated me and wanted to hurt me. I never talked to anyone because I thought they were out to get me. Id have other kids ask me in school Why do you never talk Why are you always so quiet  which the answer was because I thought everyone in my school hated me and Why do you always go the library at recess because the library was the only place I felt a little bit safe (the playground frightened me as I was convinced people would hurt me) Those small group of bullies in the school who would bully me made me think everyone was on the bullies side and were against me. Everyday I saw my teen years as me vs the world. I started becoming a huge misanthrope because of this. When I use to walk my dog and I would bring a wrench screwdriver and hammer with me just in case someone would randomly jump me. I would also have my headphones on full blast so I wouldnt hear any insults that I was convinced people would throw at me as soon as they saw me. When someone would laugh in public; I thought they were mocking and laughing at me and just being out in public had me to the point where I was gonna faint from the fear of humans. Id overanyalisis everything. My teen years was filled with paranoia hate anger fear and depression. I remember when I was about 17 one of my sisters friends told me I was cute and asked me out on a date but I remember giving her the cold shoulder because I legitimately thought she was joking and it was all a set up to a cruel prank. I did this with a lot potential friends as well who asked me to hang out with me. I did have friends but I still didnt trust them 100% either. I always thought they just put up with me and would say stuff behind my back. I attempted suicide once because of my feelings. I would have anger outbursts at home and end up breaking objects in my house.I got better I got therapy and got a job in retail where now. I have friends I can talk to strangers and i can trust people. But I remember how I use to feel from the ages of 14-20 and I really thought everyone hated me and was out to physically harm me or harrass me. Those bullies really traumatised me. I turned all that hate and anger onto human beings instead of the people who abused me. I thought everyone was on the bullies side and was after me.I get depressed about how my teen years were. I do still have paranoid thoughts but not to the extent what I use to have? I think that little bit of paranoia will always be with me though. I just wish I could go back and restart my teen years
depression, I woke up this morning sore from my workout yesterday. I did it! I’m off my ass😅 AND I finally took a shower. I feel proud of myself.
mentalhealth, I want to die. I dont have the energy to do the work that is needed in order to get better. And I dont care anymore. I just want it to end. My mom offered to take me to the hospital. I see no point? I dont know what to doI dont want to live
