guns, This has baffled me for quite some time. They seem to be about on par with pump actions in terms of complexity but I regularly see them priced well above a similarly looking pump action. What am I missing that makes them so much more costly?
gaming, I hope you stub your toe every time you take or an entire dayI hope your bed is too warm so that you take off your covers but then your too cold so you put your covers on but then you are too warm and that you wont be able to find the perfect balanceI hope you have an itch that last throughout the entire day but you dont know where it is coming from
gaming, I mean when you look at a real-life tank its usually a siege weapon.  And because tanks are built to be big and bulky that means that outside of playing a defensive role for party-members they would have also been resourceful for siege tactics as in destroying a ton of s*** and absorbing just as much of it back.  In fact because of how DPSers work as well they would have been most resourceful either for reconnaissance or assassination missions.So why dont we call tanks siege characters and DPSers recon/assassin/sniper characters?
gaming, the game looked so awesome when the trailer dropped but no one seemed to care once its released...I didnt even know it was released and I was pretty interested in the game...wth
gaming, The reason I can say this is because Ive never played any of them. So its technically true.
guns, I’m under 21 and I recently saw that In the state of TexasDPS can now give 18 year olds a license to carry.Is this true??If this is true how will I be able to take the shooting test if I am still not able to get a hold of a handgun ?I don’t think that gun stores will let me rent one because I am still under 21.I also have to find an instructor that is willing to host the course.It’s funny how an 18 years old can get an LTC but there is still a lot of laws in place preventing people from actually getting an LTC.Why get an LTC even tho you can’t get a hand gun ?I have to find the right course and instructor that lets me do all these things lol
gaming, Hi everyone. I need recommendations to upgrade my playstation setup. So a little background. We have four TVs in our house.  We have a Nintendo Switch dock for each TV and it’s so easy for each of us in the house to pop one of the two switches in a dock and start playing. Because it’s so easy if it’s an indie game found on all platforms then I’m always going to choose switch. I have my ps5 in my basement with my main gaming setup. My wife recently had knee surgery so we don’t want to go down there temporarily because stairs suck for her. We also would rather find a solution to play on the other TVs up here without having to keep moving it since others want to play in the basement. Also my girlfriend (I’m poly) has a PS4 in her bedroom.So my questions are:1.) Are my only choices to play my PS5 on other TVs include remote play or hard wire them to each TV from some kind of splitter (which is unrealistic due to the house layout)2.) Is there a way to directly remote play straight to my tv without connecting an htmi to a phone ipad or computer?3.) is there a way to remote play that doesn’t rely on your internet connection? I doubt it but I thought I’d ask.4.) Is it possible to play a PS5 game through the PS4 and vise versa?Any other suggestions are greatly appreciated.
gaming, This was on the psp tite ben 10 alien force vilgax invasion. I had gotten stuck on a specific part of the first level. It was at the point where spidermonkeys powers where introduced. I knew it had something to do with the holograms but there was no indication of what i needed to press to shoot the webs. Now as a child i assumed physics would work normally so i tried to fly over the obstacles with jetray. After a couple of tries i managed to get jetray stuck on the railing and kept pressing forward. Then jetray started slowly floating above the railing and onto the main platform that led to the exit! And i wouldnt have realized that hadnt i started replaying my old videogames and figuring out how it was actually supposed to be beaten!
gaming, I have been playing videogames for years (as pretty much everyone here can relate to) and there is one thing that I have never seemed to find a serious answer to.There are times where you find yourself playing an online game and there is some form of interaction that allows players to communicate with each-other to reach a certain goal. In more casual games people use a mic/keyboard to argue and goof-off knowing what they say wont matter within 5-minutes of the time its said. People get in a game talk a little smack make some jokes (offensive or not) leave and go-on with their day like nothing happened. We have all done this and yes it is fun but theres a line thats crossed a lot where trying asserting yourself over a mic is just ... annoying.I decided to come here to avoid targeting of specific communities (Yes for those of you who dont know there are places where simply stating opinions such as We should learn to be respectful of each other. will get no serious support treat it as a attack and once again come around in a full-circle where someone will be condescending to you that neither one of you will never hear of again) but rather online gaming communities as a whole to avoid those who treat these things as personal attacks. I am not very good at persuading but I hope there is someone that can see the light in this. All I am asking is sense when have people got so defensive that when it comes time to play a competitive game people receive personal attacks for screwing up or not meeting expectations pertaining to skill and performance? Blaming someone for making a mistake or not being as good as you (think you) are is stupid. Its that straight forward. Theres someone behind that keyboard or controller that TO YOU means nothing more than text that reads xXxS1L3NTXxXK1LL3RxXx. This guy just so happens to be playing the same game than you for the next few minutes where you will possibly NEVER hear of them again and if you do their significance to YOU is nothing more or less than it was before or after that specific game is played. Like I said I have been playing games for years. Being called racial terms over pixels is something thats easy toovercome but when all you want to do is play a game to win and get out spending time fighting (or watching you team do this) and trying to make a statement to people over pixels that WILL NOT matter to you 10 minutes after the last word is just boarder-line stupid. If you need a place to take out anger to work-out or punch a pillow or something (being told that when I was 10 and having to say it again almost 10 years later is odd). Theres someone behind that alias whos got shit going on as well and just wants to break away for a little bit (or awhile I dont oppose grinding) to play a game where 10 years down the road wont matter. So for the time being be nice.**TL;DR**: Fighting obsolete individuals over a game using words shouldnt matter a measly 10-minutes after a game is played so there is no point in trying to assert yourself over others when all you want to do is play a game and win (cant fight the other team when youre busy fighting your-own).
guns, Wanting to put it on my shotgun.
gaming, in every video game i play ever i always gravitate towards playing the tank or characters with simple kits that are easy to pickup or takes time to master (IE : Garen from league of legends Armorer in Payday 2 Winston in Overwatch..etc) ive always been a sucker for simpler characters because i can focus more on myself and matchups rather than the character itself and i love not having to tryhard i keep getting called boring and its really getting to me and im now beating myself up over this am i a boring person for just enjoying simpler/easier characters???Honesty is appreciated thank you
gaming, how much developer app earn money per day / month ?
guns, Im putting together an AR-15 thats primarily going to shoot .223 Remington and while I wouldnt say no to the potential to shoot 5.56 am I going to loose much if I use the 5.56 barrel with .223 ammunition?If so is it enough to warrant a specifically .223 barrelled upper?
gaming, At the end of RDR2 Dutch takes Johns side (not really but you know what I mean) and shoots Micah. Yet he just leaves Arthur to die! I understand Arthur had TB and would die anyways but to just leave him behind to be killed. My heart dropped when Micah shot Arthur in the head. I just wanted him to die peacefully lmao (Ik if you had high honor he does) but that kind shaped things for me. Like if it wasn’t for Dutch john and Sadie would most likely be dead. Am i not thinking straight but why did he save John? Dutch knew everything was over but still he just left Arthur to die. I guess it had been years and such but idk maybe I’m just too high lol. Arthur was amazing I wish he could have killed micah. That’s all I wanted lol but he was too weak to win. Best game I’ve ever played and about to go replay some missions.
guns, So I’m looking at getting a Tavor and was about to pick up the x95 in 300 blackout when I found out about the 308 version that is coming out soon. Now I’m conflicted on which caliber to get it in. The 308 in a bull pup seems to be a bit of an oxymoron to me. IMO bull pups are designed for cqb/ tight spaces/ urban environments. Whereas a 308 round is more designed for distance shooting and the Tavor isn’t known for its accuracy. What is everyone’s opinion on this? For reference my only other rifle right now is an AR-15 in 5.56. I was thinking about the Tavor in 5.56 for a while just so I didn’t have to stock a whole ‘nother cartridge but I feel like I want a larger caliber at this point.
gaming, Kingdom Come Ghost of Tsushima and AC are great games but there are so many periods which could work perfect in games.Ancient Rome Mughal India Feudal China Inca/Aztecs etc.
gaming, Is any good ? Compared to other cod’s?
gaming, People are encouraged to effectively delete their cards for gems.These gems are then used to buy games in an auction. People essentially get games *for playing games*Sounds awesome?Definitely a win win for both parties.The cards are also used on the steam market where people pay real money to buy virtual items. These items are being destroyed with a card usually being worth under 50 gems. Some items on the auction lists are being sold for thousands!People destroy a limited product that sells for real money. Now as there are less of every card (the more popular ones being worth more gems) the market price goes up meaning Steam get a larger amount from cards on the market place. The more cards destroyed the larger the profit.Steam is literally making a profit by giving games out for free. We get games for doing what we do play games.Kudos to whoever thought this up at Valve they deserve a rise and a half XD
gaming, I think it would be cool to tackle people while sprinting at them like in bully. Also tying up people or restraining them and being able to kidnap them by taking them in your car/putting them in the trunk. Also if you kill someone the ability to drag the body around.
gaming, As I’m playing Breath of The Wild I’m realizing how serine the environments are how purely beautiful the soundtrack is how amazing the game as a whole is. We don’t need trophies to show our accomplishment. The game does this all by itself. That sense of pure heroism is emphasized once you’ve defeated the last Divine Beast. You are told to fight the final boss. People are turned off by the game because it doesn’t hold your hand I say that is one reason it is so great. That’s enough from me lets see what Reddit Users have in store for me....
gaming, Very early PC game. I’ve asked all my online friends and nobody remembers it.It’d be cool to know other people enjoyed it too it was my first game.
gaming, On Friday May 31st 2013 Andrew Scott was killed by a police chase suspect in a senseless car chase. He was not involved but merely a by stander. Its really sad and a shame that these kinds of things happen every day and everyone of them is just as tragic as this. Im saddened to say that we have lost one more shining light in this world. Please take a moment to think about this and reflect on the choices you make because everything we do has consequences. RIPsorry if this has already been posted but i just found out today and I really think its important. Its a real shame when a visionary like this gets killed by again human stupidity.
gaming, I’ve got a pair of laptops which are set up on home network and two Steam accounts but am a bit stumped for ideas on what to play with my kid who is 9.Just wondering what people might have played with a kid that’s been good fun?We’ve had a good time playing Age of Kings from time to time but otherwise can’t seem to find stuff that suits both our tastes... I like more complex games like RPGs Dota and he likes Fortnite.  We’ve dabbled with Path of Exile Borderlands Sega Racing Magicka Castle Crashers etc and can’t quite seem to find something that keeps us both engaged.
gaming, Hi Reddit I just finished The Witcher 3 and I am super into it right now. I just need a good phone wallpaper for it does anyone have one. I have an iPhone 7.
gaming, Hello everyone Im from South America but I have numerous friends from the Caribbean and North America. Can you recommend me games to play with them?Im looking for games that have only one server for both SA and NA or that you can play without lag affecting the gameplay that much. For instance I can play Among Us Minecraft or Dont Starve Together. Any else?Also no typical board games like chess or monopoly.
guns, I have a no-stamp AR-15 with a 16 barrel. Im considering the possibility of converting it to a 12 barrel if thats legal/doable. Does the process boil down to applying for a SBR Tax Stamp paying the 200 bucks and then with that stamp in hand I can buy a short barrel and swap it out? If not what does that process entail?
gaming, Hi my nephews birthday is coming up hes turning 9 and absolutely loves video games. He has a switch and an Xbox one Im not sure what to get him and figured I turn here. He likes fortnight and stuff like that but also likes Minecraft and Mario so Im not sure what to get him! Is kingdom hearts a lame gift?
gaming, Evening.Ive recently got into vinyl making on Forza Horizon 3. And was wondering if theres a dedicated sub reddit or websites available for this?Thanks for any replies.Regards.Me.
gaming, K so im looking for kirby 64s final boss pause screen but i cant find it anywhere. Can someone send it?
guns, Stupid question I know. Please bear with me.
gaming, Hi i want to buy a monitor for PS5 i want it to be 144hz 1440p IPS 1ms HDR 27 inch (or a little more)
gaming, So i want to play Lilo and stitch: trouble in paradise on pc i have the original cd in my language but in instaler the game says i do not meet minimum requirements and list that my external cd drive is 4x and it needs 8x is there a way to get around it (i dont mind waiting longer on the instal) ?   thanks in advancesolved: forgot you can just make an iso img thanks  everyone
guns, I’m thinking about buying a part kit for a gun but idk what to expect. I know I have to buy a receiver but what else? Or is buying a parts kit only good for show and has no way of actual use? Edit: my bad guys I was looking at the Hotchkiss universal smg but I want to make it a semi-auto version. I think the gun is really cool and would love to get it.
guns, I just got on armslist for the fiRst time in awhile looking and you gotta pay to post now? Wtf do I gotta pay to message someone too?
gaming, Has anyone tried the Dolphin Nintendo Gamecube Emulator? Is it any good and if so where is the best and safest place to get it?
gaming, Im a gamer (xbox one).   I find that drinking caffeine before a match helps me out a lot although Ive read in some places that it doesnt.  I also saw a video where several pro gamers said they absolutely love caffeine before a match.   Just wondering what your experience was?   Do you caffeinate before a game?  Does it improve a little or a lot?   How much is the right amount?
gaming, Im a strictly multiplayer gamer - lately Ive been having a lot of fun with competitive games with quick matches.For example Brawlhalla games take 3-5 mins max and I love that it has Ranked.COD MW multiplayer is alright - matches do take up to 20-30 mins sometimes however.Are there any other games with quick matches? Preferably with a competitive aspect? Its hard for me to commit to playing one game of CSGO or Valorant for 45-60 mins.
gaming, I bought bully from the PS store to play on ps3 and there are big issues with the graphics and frame rate any fixes or help would be greatly appreciated!
guns, Looking at this and the tx-22 to host a dead air mask.
gaming, play.mob.org lets you play computer games like Half-life on android
guns, A long story short after doing some trading I’ve worked myself up to now owning a Remington R1 1911 Enhanced with a grand total of $217.55 spent not including gas for traveling to meet people. I have not shot this R1 but it has been lightly used (I’d say in a 96/100 condition). I decided to put it on the market a week after acquiring it and was offered to trade for a D-Technik Sa Vz.58. It appears to be in the 90/100 area in regards to condition and comes with both the side folding stock and the original (I’m going to assume) wooden stock. I don’t have the slightest clue in the world as to the Czech rifle industry and am wondering if this is worth the 2 hour drive to trade. Any insight would be appreciated. TL;DR Trade a R1 1911 Enhanced for a D-Technik Sa Vz.58?
gaming, I am sure we can all agree that scalping is a problem in the gaming industry.  Whether its for cosoles or PC hardware its a problem.  And while I am sure this has been thought of and stated before I am absolutely baffled as to why this hasnt already been done.  The solution is simple...Reservation orders.  Lets say BestBuy as an example were to do this.You simply go to the store and place down a 20% non-refundable deposit.  This deposit goes towards the cost of the item.  BestBuy could impose a small fee for this service if they wished but $100 is placed and you are put in line to recieve your item.Your reservation as it were should be tracked via your drivers license or other form of ID and reservations should be restricted to one per person at any given time.  Sure scalpers will still buy them and still sell them but at this point you have made your reservation and know you will get it at the soonest possible availability and are no longer pressured to pay a scalper and encourage them.You then wait for item to arrive.  Once it does you have 10 days to pay the rest of the cost of the item and pick it up before its given to the next person in line and your deposit is lost.If I had the option to do this and pay $25 as a reasonable charge for the reservation I would absolutely do it.  I refuse to bend to scalpers but this doesnt mean that resellers cant do something to help and make a little bit of profit on the side for their efforts.  This wouldnt end scalping by any means but it would definitely curb it a lot and maybe in time scalpers wont see it as worth their time anymore.Thoughts?  Suggestions?  Need to vent?
gaming, Im pretty upset because as much as I like my PS4 the controller has some limitations...It doesnt even last half as long as the 360 controller and there is no wireless option for ps4 as far as Im aware.I think its because the light on the top is so bright and cant be turned off so it drains the battery.
guns, Been wanting to buy for a long time and finally decided to pounce on it. Because of state laws I had to get an 80% lower so hoping it all goes well. Any advice for building it when all the parts arrive?Parts:80% Arms Type III Anodized lowerPSA 16 5.56 1:8 Stainless MLOK Freedom Rifle KitBushnell TRS-25 and 3x24mm MagnifierTroy Industries Ambi bolt releaseM-LOK AFG
gaming, I really like 7 Days to Die—hands down my favorite game in this genre. My wife would love to play a game like this with me (she liked Ark) but she doesn’t really like zombies. Are there any games out there just like these games but without zombies and more importantly building that’s block-based like 7DTD while maintaining high quality graphics unlike Minecraft? That was really my only gripe with games like Ark/Conan Exiles/etc. is I hate building in them. TL;DR: Looking for a survival game that’s high quality (not blocky like Minecraft) but has building like Minecraft (like 7 Days to Die) and has no zombies.
gaming, Hey I was wondering if there was a sandbox game similar to gmod in the PS4/5 Catalogue
guns, Just hoping to get some recommendations on a new fun gun to pick up. It doesnt need to serve a purpose just something cool. I currently have a 300 blackout ar pistol yugo ak remington 700 cz75 sig p938 ruger lcr and a couple of 22s. I was possible thinking of maybe a lever action rifle but dont have my heart set on one. My budget is $1000 just trying to find out about some new cool guns.
gaming, I traded my xbox one and 10 games and a controller and got $308 probably a rip off but im using that money to get a ps4. So its almost as if I traded for the ither system for free. Should i have sold it on craigslist
gaming, My husband has always been a big gamer and this year for Christmas I want to do something really special that supports his interests but it is not my area of expertise at all. So gamers what would you want for Christmas?&amp;#x200B;For reference he plays DOTA Hearthstone Warcraft the most but has recently been playing dragon age (again) and shadowrun.
gaming, My 16 year old son was constantly on XBox live to the point where he would really procrastinate his homework.  But for about almost 3 weeks now Ive noticed he is never on anymore.  And when and I ask him why the sudden change he avoids the subject. He no longer bothers with his homework and I got a call from his teacher for it. Im suspecting that someone might be bullying him on live is there anyway that I can check to make sure? TL; DR: is there any way I can check my sons XBox live account?
gaming, So im thinking about getting jump force but i want opinions. Is it any good? Is there a story? Do people still play? I would go to the subreddit for the game but i want opinions from everyone not just people who like the game. I definitely want to hear from critics too.
gaming, I actually already own Witcher 3 on switch but I think the main reason why I’m struggling to get into the game is because it runs poorly on the Switch. The game is currently on sale on Xbox and I’m wondering if it’s worth buying it on a much more powerful machine and giving the game a proper go.
gaming, From the top of my head:Metal gear solid seriesdestroy all humansSporemario kart
gaming, I want to buy a new game for my PC. I like first person shooter games right now and I like the story mode of COD on PS4 but I’ve never played it on PC. With these few details what games would you suggest?
guns, Ive been around guns all of my life but because Im young Im relatively new to gun ownership and purchasing. I bought tickets to a gun show coming up this month hoping to come away with a new gun. Whats your experience with purchasing a firearm from a gun show? Are prices reasonable? Is my best bet on a good deal to find a private seller? Any general tips? Am I dumb for even asking? Thanks!
gaming, Hello! This is my first post to this sub so apologies in advance if its not very fitting. Id love to hear your suggestions regarding games that my long-distance partner and I could play while were in different countries. Weve loved games like Among Us Stardew Valley Clubhouse and Super Mega Mini Party in the past but weve grown bored of them. Lately weve been more into non-competitive games like Stardew where we could share a farm and do cute things together. Does anyone have any suggestions? Our only device options are iPad or the Switch Lite. Thanks in advance :)
gaming, I am not sure if there is something like this but I will describe it anyway. Most of gaming blockchains are coins with ability to buy and sell items which in my opinion are very less usage of possibilities of blockchain. So what if we have a blockchain that is your whole gaming history. Once you connect to blockchain your private key is created which is you then everything associated with that will be You. A block chain that you have multi games on your account which you can trade items between games between users between platforms.All items are your own independent of game.Let me give you a scenario. You have 3 games let say Battlefield 3 Need4Speed and any Golf game. On Battlefield you can equip Golf club instead of knife and kill people with that. Since both are 3d objects can have list of properties like what material is made how much it weights etc. Think as in real life nobody can stop you to have a golf club in war and if you are that good even kill people or you can go to war with ferrari. You can wear anything like high heals. Basically there is no rules of how you behave. Its Real world virtually.I am not sure if I have described well but you get the idea and this thing is without any limitations and very easy to implement by all gaming engines and companies.
guns, Any advice for a good revolver for a first time owner? Ive always known I wanted a revolver but havent decided which brand would be best for me. I want a revolver i can go to range with.
gaming, Im looking for some decent games that are open world multiplayer to run around blow stuff up drive vehicles but online so I can do it with a friend against others. Im not looking for a match type of game I want an ongoing conflict game open world is the best bet.
guns, Hey GangIm having difficulty deciding on which 9mm sub gun to purchase. All the options Im considering are reasonably around the same price.1. B&amp;T GHM9. I originally really wanted the MP5 look but this is just so freakin cool.2. PTR 9CT3. Zenith Z-5RS4. H&amp;K MP5I suppose the categories are non-MP5 clone MP5 clone or MP5. If anyone feels strongly for or against any of these options Id love to hear your thoughts. Will ultimately form 1 SBR and run it with a can.
gaming, Its a good game in a business model and a player standpoint its just very versatile its literally free and the only bad thing I can even think about it is the player base which can be said for a lot of great games
gaming, Hello! Ye I am in need of a new gamertag I WAS wanting MacDaddy (Mac Daddy) or something along the lines but as I more than 100% expected it was taken just need a ground of ideas to use to make a new GT. Preferably with at least Mac in it
gaming, My brother has them all and I can play any of them. Are there certain ones that arent worth playing?
gaming, I really would like to know if anyone has this for gaming? That would be awesome...Just sayin.Edit: I know what it is used for and that it is overkill but come on. Some one out there has had to try this for gaming. Im pretty sure it would be amazing.
guns, How old do you have to be for a FFL transfer for a ruger 10/22 in New York State?
gaming, You have probably been asked this a billion times on this subredditBut I was wondering the general opinionMine is Witcher Wild Hunt
gaming, It’s on sale for 11$ is it good and worth it. Need a new game to play and I like open world shooters.
guns, Day four approaching. Supplies dwindling. Cannibalism has begun. The natives are restless. I think that they sense our fear and weakness. Medical professionals across the exhibit halls have stated a steady linear decline in the overall health of exhibitors and attendees. Expect to see a rolling banana bag IV inside a rolling RSR milk cart by noon if not sooner. Most drugstores are sold out of Zpaks Tamiflu and EMERGEN-C. Dillo dust supplies down to the last few cases still plenty of beverage entry tooling. We have finally received confirmation from sources off the record that representatives from private equity group Cerberus had appointments/meetings with Knights Armament/Manufacturing this week. FN has an updated SCAR product that is actually available. SCAR 16s and 17s are expected to return to the commercial market sometime in the future - hard to say right this minute but were told that May/June of 2021 is probably a safe bet. I called down to a buddy of mine that works for William Hill and asked him to start taking action and set a line. He said hes got to ask the boss about laying odds on prop bets but hell get back to me.Glock 43X and 48 are compelling.Had dinner with u/cap3127 at the best gay bar/steakhouse in town to settle a bet as to who could get more phone numbers. Country boys shake it for cap. He won I lost. The bet? One dollar. No HK swag this year.Nothing else to report. Few products interesting nothing compelling enough for me to put money down
guns, Looking for some advice:  Trying the swap out the mag release on the kp15 and I cant seem to push it out far enough on the left to clear the bolt catch. Really hoping I dont have to take out the bolt release to do this as its a PITA anyone have any luck with this or a trick?
gaming, I have 3080 12 gb. I play on 4k 120fps.Should I buy 4080 and upgrade or get steam deck? Wife says I can only do one. I already have a switch and a ps5. Here’s my personal finances do you think I can afford both or just buy one?Yearly income: $140000Monthly income after 15% 401k and taxes me and my wife combined: $8000 USDWe are 23 years old both me and my wife $57k in savingsZero debtWe live rent free and spend around 2-3k a month on necessities and for the utilities at our in laws house. So we save around 5k a month. Want to buy house next summer.Can I afford a $500 steam deck? Im usually a cheap ass
gaming, As a hardcore gamer ive finally hit a point where I dont know what to do with myself.  This doesnt usually happen since I have a gigantic backlog of games... but its happened.  Ive been playing WoW the past few months and I have serious mmo addictions so I try to play in bursts and then go on break.  Today I logged off WoW and realized its time for me to take a break from it.  However ive turned on 7 different games and none of them are doing it.  I thought Xenosaga 2 would be my go to game but I cant get into it.  Assassins creed origins is an option but im not craving it.I tried the MHW beta and that was fantastic I cant wait for it.  I know its only a few days away.. and I dunno if im just having a weird night but I really cannot figure out what to play.I just started redownloading dragons dogma dark arisen on steam since I never did any of the DLC on that played it years ago.  Hopefully that does something for me
gaming, I cant bring myself to do it. I feel so bad.edit: these responses are a my favorite thing ever
guns, Hello everyone. Ive been debating my friend on which rifle is better. He argues the Mosin because of stopping power while I argue The Enfield only because of its reliability and its plentiful ammo. So...whos right?
guns, Great gun ran 2500 to 3000ish rounds before I had anything break but man did it break and now it has been deemed unrepairable by S&amp;W and Im not paying 306$ plus tax shipping and bg check to replace a 10c delrin washer.So after 2500 rounds and a good cleaning every 200 to 500 ish (depends on the day) rounds of Winchester white box 180gr and 160gr this teeny tiny part simply popped out of existence as far as I know. The striker on this firearm has a small plastic washer on it that retains the striker spring onto the striker. Its a two piece pressure fit washer and half of it just up and vanished one day. I only noticed because I started getting light primer strikes one day and the firearm wouldnt fire. Stopped shooting after four of these in one mag.Fully disassembled the slide at home and saw the missing piece. Smith and Wesson couldnt ship me the part because it needs to be fitted by a gunsmith which I find very hard to believe. They said mine was the only model that had to have everything fitted.Long story later getting my unrepairable gun back and fixing it myself. If Im going to buy another 300+ firearm Ill add rather than replace in my collection.So anyone know where to get an sd40ve striker assembly perchance?
guns, The way officers carried it in the military for like 8 decades is with an empty chamber the safety off and the hammer down and when it was time to use it they’d draw it and rack the slide. Carrying with one in the chamber hammer up and safety on is not wrong it’s totally safe and perfectly fine but it isn’t the one and only divinely ordained right way. Personally I would say that the right way is whatever works for you as long as it’s safe but if we must define a single right way I would think that since the 1911 was a military service pistol the right way would be what the military did. IMO even carrying hammer down with one in the chamber so you can draw and thumb cock it like a revolver isn’t wrong but getting it set up in that condition is pretty dangerous and not what I would recommend.
guns, I have inherited a Weatherby Mark XXII .22 LR and I can’t seem to find the magazine anywhere online. It is was made in Italy and serial starts with 31XXX. It is the Semi not bolt action rifle.Can anyone recommend a place to look or provide any information on this gun? Much appreciated!
gaming, Mine is 1000% Slay The Spire I would pay $20 dollars for the game if i could play it on my phone. Because it is a click and drag game the controls would be the perfect thing for a mobile game.
guns, Ive seen a lot of cartridges used to increase the capabilities of common AR-15 lowers (.350 legend .450 bushmaster 458 socom .50 Beowulf) and Im wondering if theres cartridges designed to do the same thing with the AR-10 platform or LR-308 and SR-25
gaming, Hello Im planning on buying a PS5 Ive been a m&amp;kb player my whole life how hard the change is gonna be and do you have any tips on switching over. And are there any games you suggest i buy to learn and get better at controller play.
gaming, So it was recently announced that Amazon scrapped their lord of the rings game and that got me thinking that companies like google and Amazon shouldn’t get involved with the gaming industry because it’s clear they don’t understand the gaming industry. They should just leave it to the big three Microsoft Sony and Nintendo. And they should also leave it to companies that understand the gaming industry as well
guns, looking to get either a levtac 92 which is a rebranded rossi92 or a chiappa rhino. something about space cowboy is calling to me. anyone have experience with either of these firearms?
gaming, What is a season pass?  I know its a way to pre-order DLC but why is it called that?  There is no season its just a pre-order.  Is it an attempt to say you are preordering this years DLC?If so the Fallout 4 season pass says ALL DLC and that seems like false advertising.I made the mistake of buying the Dark Souls 2 season pass which was also advertised in a similar manner.  FROM Software then decided to release a $20 paid balance patch scholar of the first sin which broke multiplayer with non-sotfs people and increased system requirements beyond my shitty potato.  In exchange for buying their game they broke the game for me with a blatant money grab.  I wouldnt have bought DS2 at all if I had known.You can pre-order the fallout season pass now.  It doesnt even say how many DLC the release schedule or what youre paying for.  Please be smart consumers.
gaming, This is something ive been asking myself a few times. The neo geo was so powerful and far ahead of the other consoles at the time it was VERY expensive. Could a new situation like this arise again? Could we have again a console so much ahead of the current-gen consoles in term of power its price will be like insane or something? Id be curious to see what such a console could pull off.
guns, I recently ordered a few PSA AR-15 blemished lower receivers and while I was at it I said to myself aw fuck-it and decided to pick up one of their PS-10 lowers as well figuring Id like to have an AR-10 too.  All arrived within 5 days of ordering and if there are any blemishes on any of them I dont see them.Anyway Im looking for an upper to put on the PS-10 lower and Im now learning that AR-10s are not standardized like AR-15s are.  Id like to order a Rock River Arms (RRA) AR-10 upper in 6.5CM but they warn me that their uppers are only compatible with RRA LAR-8 and LAR-8M lowers.I presume that trying to put an RRA AR10 upper on a PSA PS10 lower is an exercise in futility but if anyone has successfully done so without modifying the lower or upper Id like to hear your experience.
gaming, I want to say playstation BUT i believe sony is broke. Thoughts?
gaming, I have a fairly routine schedule where Ill game on my Xbox after work for an hour or so then take my dog out. Now he is coordinating the sound of the Xbox turning off to going outside. Any other pets out there getting triggered by on/off sounds?
guns, I recently got this single-shot 12ga shotgun at a pawn shop. A little rusty but locks up extremely well. Considering these shotguns were produced I think between 1891 and 1910 would it be safe to shoot it? Im asking because my local range only allows slugs and because this is a single-shot shotgun that is very heavily built.
gaming, So I just bought Gauntlet on Steam. I installed it and restarted my computer out of habit. My computer rebooted and I tried starting Gauntlet and I hear the music but the screen wont pull up. I alt tab and see it there mocking me the start screen. But it wont pull up full.screen. all I see is a 1 in tall and 2 inch wide start screen.  What can I do to get it to work? Or is there a sub reddit specifically for this?
gaming, Mine is assassins creed odyssey valhalla a close second and red dead redemption 2 at third place.
gaming, Would anyone be interested in doing a Lets Play kind of thing with a group of redditors whove never met until the start of the video?
gaming, I absolutely love the DragonAge series and have played a few other titles in the same realm (ie Elder Scrolls Mass Effect). I was hoping I could get a few other recommendations for what to try out next. (I own a 360 and higher end PC)Thanks!
gaming, So long story short I was playing some solo Warzone and got mad at how I died in the Gulag. In my anger I rage closed the game and my first instinct was to play Dark Souls. Any other gamers like this; where one game makes you mad so you go to a Soulsborne game to relieve some stress?Also note I am trying to play while listening to some Prodigy. Real relaxation hours.
gaming, People talk so much about the glories of 120FPS. Besides 4K TVs will take a very long time to become dominant at least where I live. I have been without consoles for years since my PS2 broke and I rarely play on my notebook. I plan to buy a cheap PS2 in the end of this year and a new generation console 4 or 5 years from now when I have money.
guns, I need an appendix IWB holster that’s super comfy. I’m a delivery driver so I’m getting up and down from my car seat a lot. I don’t want something that will protrude into my gut that much
gaming, I downloaded Empire Earth Gold Edition a few days ago after not playing it for a decade or so. Ive been having so much fun and living in so much nostalgia from my younger years. I cant believe such an old game can still be so much fun!
gaming, Hi guys what is everyones take on the PUBG test server update? Like it? Things to improve/change.  Any thoughts on this would be great.
gaming, fortnites crawling animations are gross.
gaming, The shock from the short circuit had left me with a minuscule amount of life I was fortunate enough for a nitro splicer to turn the corner just after.(I was out of Medpacks aswell)
gaming, Compré un mouse pulsefire surge y al instalar el software me pidió actualización del mismo lo actualice y ahora el mouse no me lo detecta mi pc. Alguna solución!!?
guns, Been wanting to get a pump shotgun for some time now but theres one problem none of the ranges near me allow buckshot or any type of shot load. I can understand why they dont allow it shot up target hangers and the fact that it would spread tremendously at 25 yards and tear up other peoples targets but this is not good for someone who wants to own a shotgun for home defense purposes (and thus needs to pattern their loads) or for sporting or just shooting targets. Im in Wisconsin does anyone know of any ranges that allow buckshot? Is this fairly common for indoor ranges to not allow buckshot and shot loads? I want to get a shotgun but I dont want to only shoot slugs out of it as thats about the same as shooting a rifle...which I have already. Thanks
gaming, Hey everyone I m trying to remember the name of the game I played long ago on an arcade machine but it probably had a pc/console version.  What I remember vividly is that it was a very old very pixelated 3d fighting game it had a character that was a knight in grey/silver armour and the last boss was some kind of pirate that goes undead with green skull after you defeat him in his human form and you have to fight him in space or something in another realm. After you defeat him the knight takes the sword from the pirate and it either sticks to his hand and the knight becomes evil I guess or he leaves the sword and I dont remember much about that ending. Does anyone know what is this game?  Edit: It was Soul Edge the first game of Soul Calibur series. Thanks for the help!
gaming, I never purchased a new console because I procrastinate but since Im done with school and Im pretty well settled Ive decided to buy one. I have The Witcher 3 Fallout 3 4 and New Vegas Cuphead Red Dead 1 &amp; 2 and Inside. What am I missing?&amp;#x200B;Edit: Ive begun Dark Souls 3 and there is no going back. This is incredibly addicting.
gaming, Im not sure if you can swim up all waterfalls but worked for this one.
gaming, I am not american (hence my so so english) and I would like to share my simple opinion regarding the shooting and game problem:If Trump blamed selling guns for the reason behind the killing then stores would have to stop selling it and there is no common sense saying that guns are not the reason. After all they can not be the motivation but they are the tools so a real connection will always exist.However if he blame games then in a few days it is automatically unblamed because it has no real or proved connection between games and shooting.So in the end everything can be sold and that is what is important to fellas like Trump.
guns, So I just got my first AR-15 just an m&amp;p15 sport 2 nothing special to start out with.I do have two other rifles an SG550 and a Vz58 but I wanted to get an AR as well so I can have something I can make more tactical and modern or whatever.I shot it yesterday but I absolutely hated it. After about 3-5 rounds I feel like Im in a gas attack or something and its starting to burn my eyes and Im not even using a suppressor. Its genuinely just very unpleasant to shoot it.I used the same ammo that I used in my sg550 PPU and RUAG. I never experienced anything like this with that setup though.Is there something wrong with my AR or is this a Me problem?
guns, Trying to find just some standard mags for this model. Or are they all the same mags for the SA 1911s? Kinda confused about some sites wording on their products.
guns, Anyone else getting a pop-up about hoefflertext needing to be installed when visiting taurususa .com?
gaming, Make sure to prohibit your childrens use of the internet... if its for video game secrets :)&amp;#x200B;the gamers nostalgia of the 90s should be timeless!
gaming, Got my copy as soon as I could when it was released. All I remember during my first game was asking myself why Im still playing. Is it worth diving into again?
gaming, Mine would have to be Michael -&gt; Trevor -&gt; Franklin
gaming, Hello! I’m just trying to find new multiplayer PC games. I’ve played borderlands dying light Minecraft terraria satisfactory with my SO and we were looking for new games to play together on PC :)
guns, I am **extremely** cross eye dominant. Im legally blind in my right eye have been since birth so my perspective has literally always skewed slightly to the left. for all intents and purposes my right eye may as well not be there.Of course this causes some problems with being a right handed shooter; I shoot pistols fine but rifles have always given me problems. Recently I finished a few AR builds. and Im looking for advice on what to do about optics.My AR pistol the one I plan on using for self defense as an example; I bought a holosun red dot and Ive yet to find any good choices for it. I asked the guys at my local gun store and they suggested just off-setting the optic. I tried that but if I just use an optic off-set it doesnt line up with my eye at all. I have to use a picatinny rail riser to bring the optic up about 1.5-2 inches. if I do this it creates a problem where its just absolutely fucking impossible to zero the optic.So Im curious what people here recommend. What are some tips or suggestions yall have for shooting righty being left-eye dominant. Or should I just say fuck it and shoot lefty? My biggest concern shooting lefty is taking brass to the face TBH.
gaming, Hi there everyone!I just ran into something I hadnt seen in a long time and nearly forgot I had: The Rogue Edition of Assassins Creed Syndicate. Very cool ofcourse and I was wondering: Do you guys know of special editions of other big games? I personally loved this specific game and Id like to know if theres similar stuff for Witcher 3 RDR2 games like that and especially where to find them. Best would be within Europe! Im a sucker for this sort of things!For people who dont know what this is by the way: Its a case with the game itself a map of the world a disc with game audio and a small book with a bunch of pictures of outfits weapons locations and other things. Its so cool!Thomas.
gaming, A few months ago I I say a post somewhere with a new card game. It had a lot of 3D? maybe cartoon animation even while in the game play. saw some themes going in maybe like pirate or voodoo. Looked very unique and well done.
gaming, For example I regret on occasion giving away rock band or batman Arkham city(but do not wish to re purchase).I really regret returning x men destiny as bad as that game was in reviews I really enjoyed it
gaming, Ive recently become pretty intrigued in the Metal Gear Solid series but Ive heard a lot about how difficult it is to really sink your teeth into it.So what Im asking you /r/gaming is whats the best way to approach this series with its dozens of games and story dripping with exposition? I have a PS3 and a PC.Thanks for the help!
guns, Hello soon I am looking to get a basic rifle like a k98k or something similiar rifle let’s just say a 7.92 bolt action. How do I go about getting a license? What class of license do I need?
guns, So I am currently looking to build an AR15. I was thinking of buying an MP15 to build off of and slowly changing the stock parts over until it was full custom as I don’t currently have the $$ to spend on an all out custom build right now but I want something to shoot. This will be the first AR I’ve built so if y’all got any recommendations I’d appreciate them too. Thanks and happy shootin!
guns, Ive been using the same Walmart leather belt for over 10 years now. Honestly I dont have any problems with it but I feel like having a combined 1200 worth of gun and accessories hanging off it is a little bit silly haha. Just wondering what yall are using thats proven to be durable stays locked in the same position and maybe actually made for carrying under 200? I know I know if it aint broke dont fix it. I just like having back-ups and I dont expect to get lucky with another cheap one like I have now.
guns, Hey! (my last post was removed by the mods because I linked a product for reference I believe?) Sorry Im new to this. I just moved into an apartment in UT and am looking for a full-length mirror which opens or slides to store a rifle behind it.  It looks like the top brands require you to drill into and remove sections of drywall which would not make my landlord happy... Question is — are there any sliding mirror-like safe options as the one above (that will fit a rifle not a handgun) that I can simply bolt to the studs as opposed to cut into the drywall?Any and all advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you!
gaming, This is the game with the bad ratings and the bad word of mouth from your friends but for some weird reason you really enjoy playing.
gaming, I just need a gaming laptop to run gmod undertale minecraft overwatch. What would be the average pricing and an average model for this. My mom and I have no idea since this is my first gaming computer. I used to just use a normal dell laptop for gaming from 2011
gaming, There are three common factors to every single online game Ive ever played:- No one wants to chat. Most online games have integrated voice/text communication yet no one uses it. Use discord to find 50 people out of the hundreds of thousands of players that actually want to chat. Its insane- No one wants to play as a team. Apex Legends cod warzone other battle royale games are great examples. Everyone goes around looting playing like its team deathmatch. No one actually puts any effort into caring about teammates or working as a team- Most of the content is built around team play but the players demand that it can be soloed. Cod zombies for examples has a solo mode that most players play because multiplayer is so bad. In MMOs players complain until content is designed to be able to be soloed so you never have to groupLiterally just look at ANY online game that you can think of and every one of these factors is present there:- Fallout 76. Entire game soloable save for like one or two things. No one groups or uses chat features- RuneScape. Everything soloable clans a fragment of former glory and not widely used anymore. No one chats in game hardly at all- Elder Scrolls Online. No one uses chat all content soloable trials and end game is despised because people hate grouping with others - World of Warcraft. Guilds have declined by 50% over the past 10 years in-game chat hardly used except for unsavory trolls who want to say racist things and insult people. All content in game designed to be soloed except for endgame. People constantly complaining that they cannot solo things. Punishments designed in shadowlands for grouping together with other playersIts like every single online game nowadays its like people hate dealing with and playing with other people. They could literally make a game where they say it has online matchmaking but its single player and youre actually playing with bots. Like a social experiment of some sort. And youd never know it
gaming, Watching glitches on Wrestling games made me thing about what if wrestling was in GTA. The plot lines in Wrestling always were and are pretty out there and entertaining lots of room for references. Boxing clubs could be cool also fixing fights for cash or winning your way to the top. Raging Bull references and Pulp fiction etc. What would you like to see in there?
gaming, A few weeks ago I bought the Battlefield 1/Titanfall 2 bundle on PSN for $20. I really only wanted Battlefield 1 and had no interest in Titanfall 2 but the offer was too good to pass up; I mean two games are better than one right? Just last week I got bored and decided to finally download Titanfall 2 and give it a shot and I’m so glad I did. I never cared for the first Titanfall game since I just assumed it was a COD Black Ops clone but this game is just amazing. The campaign actually had me wanting more both story and gameplay wise. I loved that it wasn’t just a half assed add on to a game people were going to buy for the multiplayer.  I loved BT and Coopers relationship. The platforming and introduction of new mechanics like time travel made it so refreshing and fun. I managed to beat the campaign in about 3 days and just started playing multiplayer last night and I’m loving it. I haven’t had this much fun in a multiplayer FPS since Halo 3. I really hope they make a third one and continue the story and improve on the already great multiplayer.
gaming, I thought it was bad enough that my $60 controller died on me at the end of last month. But no today my $90 headset also broke and my right earphone is just hanging limply off the side of my head facing the wrong direction. Im expecting my $80 mouse to die any second now if the pattern holds up. Why is October trying so hard to bend me over the computer desk and go in dry?
gaming, Hi everybody and merry Xmas!I want to play far cry 5 but some people think if I want to know about far cry I need to begin with far cry 3 sooo gamers I need you!Which far cry should I start?
guns, I keep coming across people praising Wolf Gold as a cheap but good ammo for the range day. So I decided to check it out. But all online places that sell it seem to be selling for about 35-38 cents per round plus shipping. This isnt cheaper than other brass. Am I missing something?
guns, Looking for some tips/advice. I am a biology masters student living in a rental house in the south with a fairly substantial firearm collection hopefully moving away after graduation next December. Most of these guns are in cases aside from the night stand/home defense pistol and my EDC. This house is unbelievably humid my bedroom especially. Water literally builds up on the INSIDE of the window like it’s been sprayed with a hose. I have dehumidifiers (non-industrial strength) in my bedroom and my office. I keep my firearms oiled with hopps and stored in the office (also humid but not as bad as my bedroom).  I check them regularly because I am aware of the humidity issue and there is almost always some little dabs of rust showing up somewhere. So what are my options here aside from massive industrial dehumidifiers and checking the guns/re-oiling every week? Are there tricks to reducing humidity? Should I leave them out of the cases on a gun rack to get better ventilation? Is there a long-lasting superior oil anyone can recommend?  I’m not an expert in firearms and I’m not clueless either but I figured someone out there may know some pointers. I have hundreds and hundreds of dollars invested in firearms and I cannot risk ruining them to something so silly.
gaming, Are there any games that have you playing as the government trying to stop the rebels? Or one where you can choose a side?
gaming, does this **EK-Quantum Kinetic TBE 300 D5 PWM D-RGB - Plexi fit in Thermaltake A500 Case ??**
gaming, And is there any way to reverse this?Edit to clarify: I mean rubbery joysticks especially playstation ones the material itself becomes sticky even when I hadn’t used it for years and it just sat in a box. I’ve seen it before on other “grippy” type things like serving utensil handles. Alcohol didn’t change it I didn’t want to try soap without a full dismantling first. It’s as if the material itself broke down over time?
gaming, Got a brand new graphics card and I can already tell how great graphics are while PC gaming. Problem is Im an old console player and playing a shooter with a keyboard doesnt exactly go well for me. Ive got my Xbox 360 controller hooked up in Windows 8 via a USB cable and it loads Plug n Play drivers just fine. But when I start the controller itself all four central quadrants flash and in Bioshock for instance the controller section in settings is grayed out. I know you can use a 360 controller in Bioshock so somethings wrong on my end. Even more troubling is that Microsofts website only offers drivers up to Windows 7 when I went to see if there was something special I could download for this. Does anyone have any thoughts on what Im missing here? tl;dr need tips for setting up a 360 controller via usb in Windows 8
guns, Hey Im trying to piece my 308 together. The AP 308 lower kits seem to be sold out everywhere but I see the CMMG and DPMS 308 lower kits are in stock and cheaper. Would there be a problem using a non AP 308 kit with this lower? for those that have built on them?
gaming, I know that resolution isnt a big deal for this game I guess but anyone know the resolutions for consoles? (PS4/Pro and X1/X)
guns, What do you guys think about the CVA Hawken? Here in CT you can only hunt on State land with shotguns and muzzleloaders so I went to the local range with the rifle and had a blast! The RSO suggested that I buy triple 7 instead of the Pyrodex I was using. Also a 70 grain charge is what I found worked best shooting at 50 meters. If you have any other questions I might be able to answer. Also sorry for the shitpost Im really just looking for some commentary and other peoples opinions! Now that I think of it Ill try hopping on the Discord server to see whats around there!
guns, My Grandfather gave me a double-barrel shotgun that he says is over 100 years old.  I’d like to find out exactly how old.The shotgun was apparently made by Ithaca Gun Co. in NY.The serial number is 286980.Is there any way I can find out when it was manufactured using these two bits of information?EDIT: wow those were some fast and helpful responses!  Thank you!
gaming, What do you think about the story line of call of duty word war 2?
guns, I have a feeling 90% of the replies are going to be about how .223 is not adequate for killing deer. If it were up to me Id use something stronger but money has been tight this year and i couldnt justify buying a 308 even though I had the cash at some point. Ar15 w/ 14.5 barrel 1:7 twist rate is all I have. All shots will be taken around 50 yards 75 yards max. Gun meets state requirements so Im not breaking the law and if I cant get a good shot placement I wont be taking it as I know shot placement is critical with a .223. there seems to be a lot of factory loads out there designed for hunting whitetail many different bullet designs and they all seem to do well on ballistic gel testing. As long as the ammo was made for hunting white tail will I be set or is one of the many proprietary bullet designs actually better than the others?
gaming, Is there a difference between the two games? Im planning on buying the game for the 3DS and Im just curious if there is a difference within the games?
guns, Aero Precision UpperAero Precision LowerAero Precision BCGRadian Raptor Charging Handle Ambi SafetyMFT Minimalist StockSig Romeo 5 Red DotThe guy is asking $700 and I just wanted to get someone else’s opinion
gaming, Hey All - Im looking for some multiplayer games for mobile. I am not looking for control intense games like FPS MOBA or racing. I have a high end gaming PC Series X Switch etc. for those things.I prefer strategy/card/board games on my phone - mostly to be played while on moments of down time while waiting for things.Previously played and enjoyed: Clash Royale Uno Match Masters Brawl Stars Ticket to Ride Random Dice Hearthstone. I really prefer games that have a ladder to climb and are match made off of that.Ive searched this sub and Google - most recs are for offline/time wasters and multiplayer ends up being what I listed above or stuff like PUBG/CoD/Fortnite mobile.Thanks for any recs!
gaming, Hello everyone. So I decided to give The Surge a go. Its a great game and Ive played about 2 hours so far and Im loving it.However it freezes frequently... And the only solution is to use the task manager to kill the proces and restart the game and its annoying as hell.Any solution?
gaming, Ive been playing NHL 15 for Xbox 360 and noticed the announcers wont stop saying the word recoiled no matter what. If my team is backtracking on D were recoiling. If we finished a bit hit weve recoiled. I dont get it. Its a terrible word no matter the use.Anyone offer any insight? I dont follow American hockey announcers so am not sure if this is a phrase frequently used by these guys.
gaming, looking for COD bl2-10keyspayday 2-6keyscs:go-2keysgmod-1keyPoker night=1keyDont starve-2keysLeft for dead-2keysArma 3 beta-10keys
gaming, TikTok: @lizzieeperjesiFigured I’d give Reddit a-go. I seem to be very stuck on my current numbers despite trying to boost myself on all social media platforms. I post gaming content (re; R6Siege Dead By Daylight FarCry Red Dead State of Decay etc.) Would be happy to check out your content as well. Feedback and suggestions are welcome. 🥰
gaming, So I bought a Nintendo Switch just to play Pokemon and wait for animal crossing because my boyfriend is always on my PS4. Now since I finished Pokemon he is saying I need to get a new game because I cant waste $300 on a console and let it sit but Im not sure what game to even get. What are the best switch games in your experience?
guns, I recently purchased a griffin armament paladin suppressor.  I am currently waiting to get the approval.  I have 2 guns with no devices but threaded barrels (308 and a 22) and 2 with devices installed (ar with flash hider and ak with a compensator).  When i get the paperwork back i would like to be ready with devices already installed.  Is this something a newbie can do or must I take it to a qualified gun smith?
gaming, In the new gameplay trailer theres a scene where Kratos is holding a small pouch or bag. I think that inside the little pouch is the ashes of Atreus mother and Kratos and his son are braving the Norse world in order to scatter her ashes somewhere. Why else would he be looking at a bag with such an emotional look on his face? Why else would they travel across the dangerous Norse wasteland?
gaming, I got Batman arkham knight on PC when it first came out but it was frustrating to play and I didnt get too far.With WG giving us all dlc etc to make up for the fiasco is Arkham Knight worth a play in its current state or is the gameplay just dull? Did they fix the performance issues?i5 4640 2gb 960gtx 8gb ram.
gaming, Ive been playing the fuck outta Tales of Arise the first JRPG Id say I enjoy and it got me thinking: anime characters nonsensically fucked up lore magic stuff and guns a la Call of Duty. Does such a thing exist? If so please point me in its direction because I want it
gaming, So i have an ACER Nitro 1440p/144hz monitor (I know there isnt 1440p support) and elected to force 4k output vice 1080p.   FYI-  **If you do this you increase input lag.**   I was trying to figure out why my 1ms monitor at 4k felt worse than my 10ms TCL Series 6 at 4k. Then I realised i downgraded the output to 1080p and everything felt smooth.  Hope this helps everyone
gaming, Here I am a grown 30y/o adult guy and I have been gaming all my life since I can remember.And like most of you guys I play almost everything and interested in all genres (with sports and racing as the least favorite). And surely Ive always been fascinated by horror games I used to watch my brother play RE3 on PS1 back in the day it was so tense! I enjoyed watching him very much and I wanted to play for myself but the thing is I was never able to bring myself to get through it. I always freeze up and cant advance when the situation gets too tense or when I run out of ammo I feel Im too immersed in the game. But once in a while every couple of years I would try again thinking to myself Im an adult now its all just games and to play new awesome horror games and I have finished some milder ones like Parasite Eve 1&amp;2 Dino Crisis 2 but often than not I would drop the game after 1-2 boss fights thinking it was too much and I cant handle it like in Resident Evil 7 or 2 remake I always got too nervous when Baker or Tyrant started chasing me.But recently after I played Souls Games and KH3 in Proud mode and after dying countless of times and kept on going something clicked and I somehow dont feel afraid anymore. When I face nerve-wrecking bosses I would just save my file and run up to them to die see all outcomes and by knowing that the worst that could is a restart from the save file Im not nervous anymore. Ive finished RE2 remake today and it was so good cant wait to revisit all the games Ive been missing out on RE3 RE4 7 etc. Im excited! (But I think Im still not ready for VR...)Tl;dr: Was always afraid when playing horror games but after dying so many times Im afraid no more and excited to play other horror games!
gaming, Been playing the destiny beta nonstop for the last few days just wondered what other people thought about it likes and dislikes etc
gaming, cant eat a dick. using the same fucking slug in a fucking box gag for the 9th time and yes I counted 9 fucking times. its super over used this feels like a mod to fall out 4  someone made a dungeon that was just 4 hours long using the same fucking gag over and over again yes im going to play the whole thing thru but for fucks sake the thing gets free fucking hits and theres nothing you can do but avoid the only rewards this game has to offer.  &amp;#x200B;its got good lighting good solid shooting the story is good the only thing I can fault this game for is its super repetitive with the same joke( scare) over and over again. till Im screaming at the fucking screen WHY!!!??? theres nothing to tell me this box mite be sus.
gaming, Every article Ive read says you can fast travel for free by pressing circle while standing at a campfire youve visited. The thing is pressing circle just makes me dodge/roll and the only two options I have when Im by a campfire are save and quick save. Disabling all quests makes no difference and all campfires are like that. I havent been able to the entire time Ive been playing.Can anyone please tell me why theres no option to fast travel at campfires?(Im on PS5 if that matters and Im playing the Complete Edition on normal difficulty.)
gaming, Ill try anything however my brother is extremely picky but hes bored as ever with his current pool of games (he likes league overwatch and dota.) he loves snipers but since im not a huge shooter guy i dont know what to try any recommendations for pc games?edit:(no pubg too hard on his computer)
gaming, Ok so I downloaded Skyrim SE on steam (for free because Yay for steam) and when I attempt to play it from its start menu all I get is a black screen the music plays in the background but thats about it. Now I though perhaps if I start it with its video setting all the way down on everything and then gradually work everything back up but alas nadda. Anyone experiencing the same problem or has a fix perhaps?
gaming, To me the answer has always seemed clear but I’ve recently found out a lot of people like the other one
gaming, Maybe I didnt read the disclaimer clear enough but I certainly never thought that I wasnt going to have access to the Pokemon I submitted at all during the event. Couple that with the fact that you cant withdraw or quit in any way I thought Id share what is now pretty frustrating considering this is the first weekend Ive had the game.
gaming, Arma II is on Steam sale (like $8) but I see a Arma III beta for $40 (I think). What would you guys recommend?
gaming, I have a Lenovo y410p laptop. I keep it on a laptop cooler. Games like CS:GO and Max Payne 3 tend to run at about 70 - 90 fps on high settings (GPU is a GT 755m). After a while (not just on those games) my four processor cores hit 88 - 90 degrees Celcius when playing. My GPU is usually in the mid 80s but can hit the 90s. Im getting these readings from HWMonitor.It does this regularly. The laptop has good ventilation and like I said I also use a laptop cooler. Ive heard from many that hitting near the 90s can be dangerous but others say otherwise. Can I get your input?EDIT: Also Id be grateful if you could recommend temperature monitoring programs that monitor both GPU and CPU temps.
guns, Hey guys I won a raffle the other day and my name got drawn for an M&amp;P Shield 9mm. I already carry a P938 as my daily and I dont really have any need for something like the Shield in my collection but the store that sponsored the raffle allows you to use store credit in the value of the gun you won towards another purchase. Im not sure what theyre valuing the Shield at but I assume in the $350-400 ballpark. Im willing to throw in up to another $5-600 on top of the store credit but I was looking for suggestions in the $800-1000 range.Id really like an M9A3 and thats about as much as Id be willing to spend but if you guys have any better suggestions Id love to hear them.
gaming, Ive had my ps4 pro almost 2 years now and just recently Ive been.  experiencing freezing/stuttering in game and trying to do anything on the playstation user interface. First I noticed something was wrong whilst playing warzone the textures of the buildings and surrounding areas when i first drop in where like blobs on my screen with no detail what so ever. And now I cant even load into a game  it will say level loading count down from 10 and then put me on a black screen with the MW logo in the bottom corner whilst my friend also on ps4 is in the plane about to deploy. I then tried fifa which was just as annoying Id play online and freeze every few mins for 5/10 seconds then the game will speed up trying to catch up. I know its not an Internet issue because it even happens whilst playing my career mode.as for the ps4 menu its a nightmare it just takes an age to do anything accept invites close games open games navigating scrolling the page and it will just freeze for a few seconds then continue.So basically the point of the post is i want to know what you think the issue is. Ive tried rebuilding the database and Ive even restarted everything to its factory settings but its still the same. I looked online and many people have experienced the same issue and say its down to a hardrive on its last legs with many people putting in an SSD instead of a HD. However i dont want to do this unless i know it will fix the issue so Ive come for your opinions. Is it a case of needing a new hardriveOr is it a software related issue (latest software is installed)Should I just wait for the next generation consoles?Many thanks
gaming, Like blank but in the style of blank.I.e. Harry Potter universe but as a Bully game or Star Wars as a Soulsborne game.
guns, I am huge on taking time to make decisions and this time it’s killing me.  I feel like there are a lot of great 1911 options but for this one I’ve narrowed it down to 2 options (going with a sig this time): the Nightmare full-size or the MAX.  Is the max worth the price difference? Anyone shot both?  Any last minute advice before I make a choice?  Thanks!
guns, Gonna be a bit of a long post so sorry in advance but I felt like I should share my experience. I had my first ever ND today. I was out whitetail hunting with my 1949 30-30 model 94 Winchester and lately Ive been having issues with the owner of the next property over from where Im hunting this is a new property for me in regards to hunting basically he isnt happy Im hunting near the area he hunts and Ive caught him on camera a few times on my side of the line. Hes very well known in the community as being hard to deal with. This morning he shot a buck Ive been watching for a few weeks. Season opened yesterday here for rifle so that was a bit discouraging to hear but he shot it on his side of the property so fair enough thats good for him. But then he did something that really set me off. He loaded the buck into the back of his truck drove to one of my trail cameras at the property edge and proceeded to gut his deer in front of my camera leaving the gut pile about 10 feet from my deer feeder. I was MAD when I found this as I went to check the camera tonight. I called the owner of the land Im hunting on to tell him what happened and he immediately drove out to see for himself. Hes a good friend from highschool and hes had issues with this guy for years now. When he arrived we started walking out and talking about this guy and the issues we are having with him. I was walking in front of my friend and realized that I still had a round chambered. Theres often deer standing at the feeder when I walk in so I had racked a round in when I had first arrived. The model 94 puts the hammer in the firing position as soon as you action it to put a shell in. When I went to release the hammer on my riffle and put it in the uncocked position I apparently was not paying attention like a I should have been and I released it much faster than planned. BANG. My first ever negligent discharge. No one was hurt and I always maintain good barrel discipline so the shot went safely into the ground about 10 feet away. But still this was inexcusable. I was so focused on what this guy had done to me and how it was upsetting me that I put mine and my friends life in jeopardy. Ive released the hammer on that riffle thousands of times but I wasnt paying attention to what should have been my main focus and I fucked up. My friend was quick to tell me its OK and that these things happen but Im definitely going to be thinking about this one for awhile. These things should never happen.  I shouldnt have had a round in the chamber. I should have cleared it as soon as I called him. I let emotion and complacency get to me and I fucked up. Dont think Im gonna hunt again this week. Moral of the story is always remember that the most important thing is safety. The minute you forget that things go wrong.
gaming, Also multiple people voting on outcomes ? Is that a thing. I think they said that was a thing but I’m alone in my room and everyone’s asleep here. Might have to go see the buddy i game share with and try this
gaming, Who was better Arthur Morgan in RDR2 or Joel Miller in TLOU?Who had better story?Whose death was the saddest and why?
gaming, I volunteer at a local nursing home affectionately called Video Game Guy. I am looking for recommendations of simple wii games to play with them. They play wii bowling but I am looking to expand their gaming experiences.- Simple games are nice for dementia/Alzheimers residents - One hand wiimote controls are pretty necessary as many residents    are contracted because of stroke. - Homebrew games with simple images or wiimote movement controls would work too.- I have balance board but wii fit might get messy with frail old people.
gaming, Nintendo: Mario Microsoft: Halo Sega: Sonic Atari: Pong etc.Yet Sony doesnt have one. There have been so many memorable games Crash Bandicoot being one of the biggest candidates for a trademark character but it never stuck with many other possible candidates like SpyroSo why in your opinion has Sony never had a trademark character? Is it on purpose? Is there a reason one hasnt stuck? what do you think?
gaming, Are there any good mech suit based games out there like titanfall but more campaign based or open world. I’ve been itching for a game where you can customize your own mech and progress for awhile Anthem came out but we all know how that went and it wasn’t exactly what I was looking for. Titanfall is almost perfect it’s just a more pvp focused game.
gaming, Xbox user since the original got the 360 and loved it and now MS has revealed that the Xbone sucks and they dont really care about gaming. Ill still keep it for my old games but Ive been jealous of some PS3 exclusives.I was planning to pick up a Playstation 3 when the new consoles go on sale so the price goes down.  (may get the 4 who knows)What are the must have games I need for a PS3 library? I figure: Heavy Rain Uncharted series God of War series Last of Us.What else? [Not big into multiplayer]
guns, I live in Virginia so I’m not familiar with pistol laws. I’m not looking to spend a ton of money being that it’s my first gun. Also what is your experience buying weapons over the internet? Is that the better or worse way to go?
guns, I’m a new gun owner and just picked up a sp2022. I was wondering if there were any extended magazines that will work with this particular gun. I read somewhere that since it’s a sig pro  any mags including ones from the p320 would work but I’m suspicious. Any help will be much appreciated as ive been trying to find any information about this gun let alone the extended mags. It’s like no one owns this thing!
guns, I have a 1973 Remington 1100 ducks unlimited dinner gun and I lost my emblem and I’m trying to get a replacement made or find one it was my grandpa’s gun and I’m trying to restore it. And help would be appreciated
gaming, So  I just wanna know because Im curious but do u guys prefer the xbox one or the ps4. Personally I am a ps4 fan
gaming, So money is a bit tight now and I can only get one out of those three. Which one would you recommend and why? Thx.Edit: adding Elite Dangerous to the mix
gaming, Hi all!So Im a brand new (official) user to Reddit...the fiance introduced me to it about a year ago but Ive never actually created a user name until about two months ago. I was just contacted about a position with a company that would involve recruiting gamers to test new games. They asked me how creative I would be in recruiting people for the task and the first thing that popped into my mind was Reddit! I feel like there are a bunch of people on here that play/appreciate games. So I was just curious...would that be a no-no to try and find people on here who might be interested in testing new games? Any insight/help would be greatly appreciated! :) Thanks!EDIT: So I promise that this isnt a scam however I havent gotten the aforementioned job. In the heat of the phone interview process I blurted out that a great way to recruit potential game testers would be through Reddit...then later I realized I should double check that it was actually feasible. If I should get said job I would imagine I would come back here to recruit. In the meantime I just wanted to get input - so thanks to everyone! P.S. &lt;3 Grandmas Boy - it was the first movie I watched with my (now) fiance! ahah
gaming, If anyone here didnt knoe Legend of Zelda Breathe of The Wild was actually heavily inspired by Scenery in the game Terraria. Which Terraria has 15 references to The Legend  of Zelda.
guns, So my husband and I are really exploring new guns and he has really found a love for the 1911. What are your personal favorite brands? And why do you like them?
guns, Is it legal to travel out of USA with gun parts i.e. barrel trigger ar15 rifle kits with 80% lower? Everything legally bought online with original packing and receipts.
gaming, I bought a knockoff dualsense controller and theres a little bit of input lag is there anyway i can fix this? Maybe a hardware problem in the controller? Or maybe something i can do with overclocking it?
gaming, I attempted a cosplay of Lara 2015 (based on the trailer and concept art) and dressed my non-gamer sister as Lara 2013.
guns, New shooter possibly interested in .40 Cal. Only for people who have actually shot the M&amp;P40 M2.0 how is the recoil/shootability? I know .40 is considered a snappy caliber but Ive read that the M&amp;P40 is one of the softest shooting .40s. True?
guns, 7.      Rifle.  We have been unable to identify this rifle due to its minimal markings.  There are no serial numbers on it and the only markings are “J.L. Wood” and “Stamford.”  It has a checkered walnut stock and may be a custom-made gun.” - Sincerely Lauren HenryArchives &amp; Curatorial AssistantThe Biltmore Company One North Pack Square Asheville NC   28801 Phone   828.225.6316Visit www.biltmore.com today
guns, You can go to their site and click on the FAQ link at the bottom of the page. On the FAQ page near the bottom under Promoted Articles youll see Bump/Slide Fire StocksClick on that and it will inform  you that those auctions/sales are not allowed and will be removed.
gaming, So I have a fairly new (and decent) Notebook and I am quite satisfied with him thus far. However a couple days ago its performance especially while gaming went down by quite a wide margin. For example in Rome II total war on my very first performance test run I had on average at least 100 fps (I think). Now it was about 30. But it had no drops the fps simply remained at 30. And not just in this case. Even in WoW where I am hsed to having at least 69 fps I had today on average 27 fps. And many more cases. How is this possible and how can I fix it? I am not aware of any viruses since I didnt download anything suspicious and As I said before my Notebook is quite decent.  In Rome II it told me that I supposedly have small graphic card memory. But what can I do about this? Or could it be caused by low battery? Not to mention that I am playing ALWAYS on recommended settings. Please help me.
gaming, So is it really as good as everyone says? It seems universally loved and praised which just feels crazy that Ive not had anyone tell me its bad 😅
guns, Just received my foid card in the mail and i want to buy my first gun I never owned or even touched a gun so Im kinda nervous since im kinda clumsy and dont want to shoot my self.. i live in Chicago IL is there somewhere where i can get proper training and instructions? Also any first gun recommendations? I have a right hand disability so i can only do one hander guns if possible? I want my first gun for protection once i go n get my conceal and carry then Ill start collecting thanks in advance
gaming, Hey guys. I’m new to this sub but I’m an amateur gamer looking for a place I can play cash matches or tournaments for a little cash against other amateurs. I’ve tried Checkmate and those guys are there are by no means amateurs. Does anybody know of any sites where people who aren’t so good(like me) can compete against other people with my skill level?
guns, Found a used one in amazing condition at Cabelas for $1099 however I can find next to no info on the web other than they werent made for long and they have a cold hammer forged barrel. Have read that they can be sub moa with the right loads at very long distances but idk; dont like how little info Im able to find on them. Maybe Im not looking in the right places. Anyone have any experience or things to generally know about them?
gaming, I know there are MUDs and lots of other specializations but its been years since Ive played anything like that. What about you all do any of you play any text-based games any more? If you do what do you like to play?
gaming, I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
gaming, What would you recommend? I wanna play it with my bf and we have both consoles so now I’m confused :(
gaming, I recently found out that there were a few HD games on Gen 6 though they were 1080i not 1080p.This surprised me because I thought Gen 7 was the generation which introduced HD gaming.How common was HD in gen 6 ? how well do the graphics hold up today ?
gaming, I am wondering if anybody else has had this issue and knows a potential fix. I have had an Xbox one for about 2 to 3 years and it suddenly decided to quit working. I can turn it on the splash screen shows up then the console shuts down completely. I can’t get it to do anything but that. I never spilled water on it. My kids didn’t put jelly toast inside the disc drive slot. I never dropped it. It has proper ventilation and it also gets dusted regularly. Any ideas?
gaming, I saw Bloodborne going for 24.99 Dying Light for 19.99 and DA: I for 20. For me I want a game I can play for a good while thats challenging I played DA I for a little bit and I really liked it but heard really good things about Bloodborne. Which one out of these 3 would you recommend? On PS4 by the way.
gaming, Title i really just want one launcher to launch all of my games.
gaming, Is it normal to play this game for 3 days now and still not be able to see the second checkpoint of the first level ? Cant get past the 4 giant piranha plants ....Also why the fuck does this bullshit blue fire bottle keeps spawning and forcing me to dodge it or restard the level Oh btw playing on Legend since it said its the original mode
gaming, Hey gamers! Has anyone played Pyre yet? Managed to finally make up my mind and to with Pyre for the next purchase! Is it worth getting does anyone know? Or should I take my money elsewhere?
gaming, Does anyone else see the ads for fallout 76 here and just feel embarrassed for them ?
gaming, I just saw some promo stuff for it and it looks great but its publisher is EA. Its no secret that they monetize games to death. Is it worth getting or is it one of those the grind is purposefully made ridiculous to entice you to spend more of your money type of games?
gaming, Since there is a sale on steam i want to buy myself a game but i cant decide which is better. Im a solo Player because i dont have friends that likes the same games as me so my question is should i buy the Forest for solo or rain world(sorry if i wrote something wrong English is not my main language)
gaming, Just a heads up as some people might not consider this in the UK. The heatwave thats happening and only meant to get worse has the potential to fry your consoles. (PCs are usually cooled so shouldnt be a problem) Most consoles tend to be filled with dust etc so try to keep a close watch on the temperature of your machines. Might even have to bite the bullet and go outside for some time 😂 but seriously be mindful guys and gals as that stuff isnt cheap. My PS4 bit the dust because of this and Im too poor / cheap to spend that amount of money on myself again. Anyways stay safe and happy I guess... First time posting on Reddit so I dont know how to end. Bye
guns, Bought a stripped upper receiver doesn’t come with dust cover and FA but has the install areas for them both. How critical is it to the functioning of the rifle to install these items? Am I risking gas blowback if I dot put them on?
gaming, Is there any harm caused to them for being in Fortnite?Also I have never played Fortnite.
guns, I have a diamondback Db-15. I’ve put about 400 rounds through it with no malfunctions and even 50 rounds with a suppressor with no malfunctions so it’s a pretty reliably functioning rifle imo. Most of my other gear is coyote/fde color though and I’m thinking about rattle canning my diamondback thoughts? If shtf I would essentially carry it on my back for distance while a g19x and shotgun for close-mid range
gaming, So its my first take on it and Im rly blown away of how it looks. I mean its a 5 year old game but damn..the character models the animations..just wow! Shout-out to naughty dog!
gaming, Heroes Vs Monsters is an old IOS game I beat like 3-4 times. It take s a long time if you dont spend money. I looked for a while for games like it on pc but couldnt find anything. If anyone has ideas that would be great. If you dont know what the game is (which is probably the case) I will explain it to the best of my abilities. There are 7 classes which each one has a level cap of 40. Each one has different skills trees and activatable abilities. You fight with 4 of your heros of your choosing(in a top down POV) that you can switch out every time you fight if you choose. As you level up you take down bosses which have their own loot pools with different items with different rarities. You could also get loot from the shop/random encounters. As you beat the bosses you find better and better loot and you level you characters up. No really story to it and it kind of repetitive but it really addicting. Borderlands 1/2/Pre-Sequel are similar but obviously are FPS but has a lot of the same attributes. Thanks for the help!**TL:DR Are there any games that have tons of different loot items (100+) skill trees different classes lots of bosses active/passive abilities and that you can play in many different ways?**
gaming, A set of racing games namely XG3 and XGRA that I played almost non-stop through my childhood and to this day I still play the series. The music was fantastic the art design incredible the gameplay (in my opinion at least) still has not been matched to this day. Sadly Acclaim dissolved and the rights were bought by Throwback Entertainment who are set on making crappy iOS games.Can we get an XG discussion/reminiscing?
guns, Hi guys I need help do you know what would happen if you pierce a primer slowly will it still ignite?Thanks!!
guns, The website seems kinda wack to me and haven’t heard of it before.
gaming, You can find variation in the quality of a speakers according to their price and compatibility. So it is advisable to go online search and select accessory for your phone according to your need.
gaming, Thats all.Thanks!!
gaming, Its a simple thought to me which means Im probably not looking at it right. Im here to have my impressions of the following scenario corrected. Im *nearly* certain someone here knows way more about this than I do. Gaming Billion Dollar Industry has a multi-million dollar issue in cheaters. The game publishers and developers are faced with the issue of putting out a product then defending it from hacks and cheats based on that product. The anti-cheat programs (and programmers) have to deal with new iterations of data manipulation so often that theyre constantly playing catch-up. Its almost always exploit first people buy the cheat as fast as possible then reactionary patches and updates. Ban waves and press releases. Then it starts over.Then a multi-millionaire CEO says Lets put out an ad in the shadowy corners of the internet. We want cheats first for a bunch of games and well pay a premium for them if they go undetected - but we only pay cash in person. They could effectively jack up the market price for cheats and adapt faster with patches ready as soon as people start yelling about it. This puts them in a position where they can turn the sword around on the builder. Join the team for the anti-cheat or go back to your previous lifestyle or we could always rat you out. Boom. Cheater bought god bless capitalism everyones happier. Someone gets a career CEO looks smart gamers have one less cheat builder to worry about. Anti-cheat gets better. What could go wrong?
guns, Anyone got any suggestions for good groups (subreddits or discord groups) that are active focused in diverse gunsmithing ? (Working on magazine feeding and rails and slide fitting  on a few pistols). I know there’s forums … but they tend to be very specific to firearms. Kinda looking for a discord group that’s general and broad but specifically in firearm modifications and customizing.
gaming, Any video game recommendation I’ve been bored for the past 3 weeks help
gaming, I get framerate drops when I have a video playing on my other monitor while gaming. When the video isnt playing I get 144fps in-game but when its playing it goes down and stays at 60fps. Is this an issue with RAM or GPU?&amp;#x200B;Specs:CPU: Ryzen 5 1600GPU: 1660tiRAM: 2x8gb DDR4&amp;#x200B;edit: i meant 144fps in game and then it drops to 60fps in game while i have a video playing as well
gaming, I wanted to buy Shovel Knight Treasure Trove for the Nintendo Switch and instant gaming have a pretty good deal of 20% off. Is it legit?
gaming, Im thinking of getting DOOM (2016) as my first AAA game but am quite conflicted. From what Ive seen it seems to be just some mindless fps with some zombies set in hell with nothing that special about it.However the excellent reviews seem to say it has an excellent story lore gameplay etc. Since Im looking for something fun with a decent story graphics and environment would something like RDR2 or Cyberpunk 2077 be more worth-it?
gaming, I should probably specify what I mean. In Star wars battlefront 2 you play an imperial agent who in at least the first two chapters is loyal to the empire. Whether she is through the whole thing and into resurrection I dont know. I dont mean games where you can choose to be the villain but games where the plot necessitates you as the villain.
guns, Minimum age to obtain a FOID card in Illinois?I’m 16 and when looking into getting a FOID card it says you need to be over 21 or have parental consent however it doesn’t specify any kind of age if you have parental consent. I’d imagine parents can’t just get their 7-year-old kid a FOID card but maybe they can. Is the age 18 since that’s the youngest you can own a firearm or can you be even younger? Is there any actual age specified for minors trying to obtain a FOID card with parental consent?
gaming, So Ive always been an avid console gamers. Ps2 Ps3. 360 and ps4 currently. Now i have a fully operational pc that can probably run a decent amount of games. So any suggestions as to what i should get? Im sure Im not the only person line this so all genres welcome.
gaming, Reaching out as I need a little help with this.Im making a game where the story uses some fictional versions of real-world characters.Examples would be...A fictional British Ambassador in China who is corrupt.A fictional Director of the Louvre Museum who is into art theft.A fictional Prince of Italy who is a killing for revenge.The characters are all fictional but their roles (for want of a better word) in the real-world all exist in some form and are occupied by a real living individual.I need to know if there is any risk of legal action from the person in the real-world role.I also need to know if Apple have any policy on this. From what I can find they do not.Thanks in advance for any help on this!
guns, Howdy y’all. Im trying to find a holster for my buddy as a gift. He had a P320 with a safari land rig with to his “Duty” belt setup. He recently departed with his 320 for a 365XL with a macro frame. My question today is if there is any holster manufacturers out there that you guys know of that make a light bearing holster for the 365XL that is compatible with the SafariLand QLS System or do I make fun of him for getting rid of his 320? Firearm: Sig 365XL w/ XMacro frameLight: TLR7A
gaming, I dont think I will. I never played the first one it seems way too out there and pink for the sake of it and I have epilepsy and it just seems way too flashy.Gamespot also gave it a 6
guns, Youd still have the sonic crack with a suppressor. And (maybe I have this wrong) but isnt that where a significant portion of the sound from a 22LR comes from?
gaming, Are the Blue Ray additions of gaming systems allowed to be discussed in this subreddit?  Anyways my question is how good the Xbox One and / or Playstation 4s blue ray systems are compared to single systems on the market now?
gaming, Because I always seem to. Usually around late November/early December I will all of a sudden get an itch to start a new game in Skyrim which I always do.Anyone else have a specific game they all of a sudden get a strong urge to play just around this time of the year?
gaming, hello people I would like to know if anyone knows a good equalization to watch movies with these headphones and also a good configuration for 7.1 thank you very much
gaming, What game started the pack/box/crate openings such as CSGOs cases CoD AWs Crate openings etc.?
guns, Hi I want to buy a blank pistol but i dont have much experience. I want it to be very loud and as similar in sound to a real one as possible. I was looking to Kimar 92 9mm and bruni mod92 9mm…Is there a better option than there two?
gaming, I broke my mic on my RIG Headset and I don’t want a aftermarket mic for it because It would look funky. Does anyone know where to find a mic piece for this specific headset?
gaming, I was wondering if you guys could recommend some games like the new Gauntlet game that got released on the 23rd? Ones that can be played on a single PC using 3 game controllers and keyboard/mouse. also noobie alert. so go a bit easy maybe?
guns, I want to buy my fiance a training tool as it is not all that easy to get to the range on a consistent basis.  I was thinking a SIRT pistol but also saw LaserHIT and LaserLYTE which seem a lot more fun as we could compete against each other.  So does anyone have any experience with any of these and if so what would you recommend?
guns, Hey all.  Need some holster recommendations for my step dad.  He carries iwb and is having an issue w/ his rig moving from 4 oclock to 6 oclock.  Since he carries daily hes not excited about his pistol constantly migrating to his butt. Any help is appreciated...thanks!
gaming, Hey developers. It’s okay to create a linear storyline too.
gaming, Me and my friend both are saving up a game (Assasins Creed: Rogue) and we want to play it together. Any good tips and ideas to make this work? Instead of the I die then switch off? Thanks in advance!
guns, I have a chance to buy a used Ruger LCP (the original not a II) for quite a deal. Would be for pocket carry when not strapping on a full size pistol. Any feedback? Any reason to not to?
gaming, Anyone actually remember  playing it?
gaming, I just signed up for a T-Mobile plan that gives me unlimited high-speed data for streaming and hot spotting everything... they’re also throwing in what they called a WiFi tower that I’d be able to use to stream 4K movies and Netflix and game. The sales person told me they hook they’re PlayStation to it.Anyone know how legit this is? The sales guy seemed pretty confident in it (I’m also a sales guy so I’m pretty good at detecting bs).  But I’d like a second or dozen more other opinions.
gaming, This sub is always like only upvotes the new stuff Never see old stuff survive
guns, I recently bought a .30-30 lever action and a random box of ammo from the gun shop. It happened to be Federal Nosler Partition soft point.Anywho this ammo came with this plastic belt clip in the box instead of that fucking styro block that Winchester uses.Im looking to get more of those plastic belt clips. Hopefully someone knows what Im talking about. Im just looking for the belt clips. If they are sold somewhere by themselves thatd be great.Thanks
guns, For context I enjoy shooting as a hobby and offer friends to come along and experience it with me.Though firearms are expensive and Id struggle to fund myself and my own friends ammo needs. Furthermore I want to ensure responsibility of all things about my firearms (ammo included) and keep them well maintained and secured in my own safe. As such I charge my friends by the bullet for everything except your small .22. Then I charge  a little extra to cover other maintenance costs gas money and the like. Im talking if an AR round costs 36 cents then 39cents after tax per round I may charge 40-41 centsI love shooting and love my friends but to do this stuff often with them I havent seen another way. Just am I an ass here?Edit: Im an asshole.Edit 2: Seems Ive forgotten to mention that the up charge typically helps cover the 2 hour round trip in gas as well as I drive all my friends.Whatever the case I do see issue with what I have been doing so to those who hadnt just said Im an asshole and explained why I appreciate it. In the future Im going to be allowing friends to bring their own ammo Ill be charging either half price per bullet or just not at all for first timers or maybe first mags.
gaming, looking for some new games to play on Switch &amp; PS4mostly looking for RPG recommendations but maybe some metroidvanias too unless theyre melee focused like hollow knightim NOT looking for anything that can be described as soulslike roguelike or rhythm (im gettin old and dont have the reflexes or patience bash my head against walls and my rhythm sucks)turn based or arpg are both fine. but not tactical stuff like diofield fire emblem etcthe games i currently have followsSwitch: Metroid dread blaster master zero 123 both south park rpgs stardew valley metroid prime remastered nexomon 1+2 xenoblade chronicles 2+3 subnautica 1+2 trials of mana Ys 8+9+originsmonster boy cursed kingdomcosmic star heroinemonster sanctuaryff8 remastered dragon quest 12311s saga collection gato roboto ni no kuni white witch mummy demasteredswitch games i have but didnt like: dark deity ender lilies grandia HD collection haak hakoniwa explorer plus hollow knight mercenaries saga chronicles mind seize outbuddies DX shadows of adam Botw axiom verge&amp;#x200B;PS4: Chained echos dark cloud 2 divinity 2 dragon age inquisition horizon zero dawn iconoclast lost sphear secret of mana shantae half genie hero star ocean 4 stray tales of berseria witcher 3 chrono cross RD cat quest infernax mad max shadow complex remaster skyrim fallout 4 bloodstained ritual of the night carrion&amp;#x200B;PS4 games i didnt like: 13 sentinels baldurs gate 1+2 enhanced biomutant bonds of the skies castlevania sotn+rondo of blood crystal ortha devious dungeon 1+2 enter the gungeon ff 7 remake ff7+9 ports ghost song gauntlet indivisible labyrinth coven of duskmonster hunter worldni no kuni revenant kingdom nier automata rainbow moon + skies shalnor legends diofield chronicles
gaming, Who is looking for that next eSports big tournament challenge? Maybe your wanting to play daily online tournaments? Lets us know what your looking for and leave us some comments...
guns, I live in area that is prone to wildfires and I have a bunch of guns. Weve been put on set status twice this year and each time I struggle with packing up guns. Anyone have a solution to move a large amount of long guns and handguns thats better than just laying them on top of each other? At one point I had a Mosin crate but it was huge and only held 8-10 rifles.  Something like that to keep them from rubbing on each other would be great though. Some sort of case rack or box. First priority would be just to keep them from being damaged on the drive second priority (and less important) would be ease of moving and third would be discretion. All suggestions appreciated.
gaming, Im a high school teenager who has pretty limited funds. I have both a PS4 and a Macbook Air (not by my choice) and I want to get Fallout 4. My friend said he would gift it to me on Steam but I would then have to run it through wineskin or some other Windows-on-Mac program or I could drop the money myself for the PS4. Which would you guys recommend? Any help would be greatly appreciated.
guns, Thinking of getting a new conceal and the centurion came to mind. What are your thoughtsThanks in advance
guns, Im looking to buy a 3x magnifier for under 100 dollars to work in conjunction with my eotech xps3 holographic sight. Any advice?
guns, Not as familiar with the finer points of gun mechanisms and design but I also know theres a lost more going on than say an MP5 being geared for auto with semi-auto capabilities while the M16 family is designed for single or burst with capabilities of the other. But I cant find anywhere (possibly just from poor search queries) the says if weapon design is geared for one firing mode over the other when it has selective fire capabilities. Weapons that fire the same ammunition type (9mm 5.56 7.62 etc) are all designed differently with a specific use case or set of use cases in mind I get that. But does that go down to firing modes such that while a particular gun may have some combination semi- and full auto and burst its specifically geared towards one mode and any others are more an extra feature to use outside of its intended use cases when included? I know the M16 for example does not come with full-auto so I assume its so far outside the design parameters its not really a feasible option and Im wondering if just because the mode option exists on another make/model of gun if its as viable as the other modes due to the weapons design. Or is it that lower rates of fire (and consequently full auto =&gt; burst =&gt; semi-auto) are always going to be more accurate and a better way to fire the weapon when the situation allows?Edited for spelling/grammar.  I have also been corrected on my failure to remember that the M16 does in fact have variants with full auto but for context in my original post Ill leave it alone.
guns, Hello buds my first handgun was a walther .22 (about a year ago) i thought it would be a good training pistol. However even with a prone positions the accuracy is sub par  (and erratic no groups) still fun to shoot. i just wondered if i cleaned it too much or too little. Im just wondering if the gun wasnt intended to be super accurate. my beretta 92 fs my other handgun murders it in accuracy. cleaning tips? cartridge tips? thanks
gaming, How on Earth can it be legal to marketing a mobile game and show gameplay from a totally different game or sometimes they show something to make it look good and it even doesn’t play like that when you download it. Worst part is that people ain’t even bothering with it. However when consoles or PC games releases it’s a total shitstorm if they had some graphical changes compared to early versions of the games.Why is people so forgiving of the mobile games industry? Is it a matter of price maybe? Hype? Just curious how people feel.
gaming, Looking for games that I know Ill be playing for a long time. Not just grind heavy games that require time but replay ability multiplayer and pvp. Something that rewards you for the time you spend in a satisfying way. For me this game was Halo: Reach. Im probably beside myself on this one but this was my favorite Halo game by far. From the extremely difficult skull challenges and achievements to the well refined matchmaking that (typically) rewarded the best player. Not to mention a story line that I personally found emotionally compelling. Had I known when I bought that game how many hours of fun I would sink into it I wouldve paid triple at least. So Im curious to know what game was worth way more than the price you paid for it?(It doesnt have to be FPS I love all genres of games!)
guns, What is everyone using for vehicle storage? I carry everywhere I go but due to where I work and a couple other things sometimes I cant have it on me. I drive a subaru so there isnt a ton of room. Looking for some sort of concealed or secure in-vehicle safe.
gaming, Any fans around here? I feel like the fanbase should be growing as Trails of Cold Steel 3 have marketed throughout almost all platform (PS4 Switch PC) so I would like to take this advantage to see if theres a fan from this sub.
guns, So while intoxicated last night I posted about a gutter-hooker bare no finish AR. I cannot find any raw unfinished AR lowers that accept AK mags so I may not do 7.62x39 if I cannot find those. I am still very interested in this gutter-hooker build and am wondering a couple things. 1.) Is there any risk of damage to the integrity of the aluminum with not having it finished/exposed to oil grime and such?2.) Is there any advantage other than cool factor if I did a side charging upper? Is everything the same besides the BCG and receiver? 3.) Are parts going to fit loosely because it doesn’t have a coating on it? I’m hoping to start ordering a couple things today since there are some decent sales today!
gaming, I remember playing Silent Hill Homecoming and getting stuck early in the game. I had a shotgun but not enough ammo and these quadrupeds were kicking my ass. I remember being frustrated. However I often misjudge games the first time round only to go back and discover that its actually a fun game. Oddly enough Silent Hill Downpour is an example of this. I completed it second time round and had fun. SHHC has sat on my shelf for a while unplayed. I looked up some Destructoid reviews and they had 3 reviewers giving it great scores. So I pulled Silent Hill Homecoming off the shelf and gave it another try. What a giant pile of shit this game is. Its too dark. You can invert your aim while in combat stance but you cant invert your look. The first enemy you meet is a nurse thing. Trying to dodge their barely telegraphed attacks is impossible. Your lock on doesnt let you strafe round them. They are attracted to light so in theory you can sneak past them but you cant see a damn thing without the light. What the fuck were they thinking with this game? Has anyone derived any pleasure out of this game or am I completely wasting my time with it?
gaming, Title says it all. I LOVE sci-fi shooters like Halo Gears of War Bulletstorm and Borderlands. I recently got a PS3 for a birthday present and Got Resistance 2 and Killzone 3 for cheap just wondering if they were very good.
gaming, Do people now buy games based on the people who developped it? I mean come on all weve seen is a trailer no gameplay no story nothing just a few cutscenes Konami is trying to show they can make good MGS games without Kojima but since every fucking nerd on this planet suck Kojimas wiener theyre already hating the game.Now whether Konamis decision to fire Kojima was right or not it doesnt matter anymore because its already happened.All Im saying is give them a second chance open your fucking mind people you cant just hate the game because its missing a few developper. And Im not saying you shouldnt hate it youre free to hate it but backing your opinion up with the lack of Kojima is utterly ridiculous.The same happened with Ghostbusters. Sure the movie is man-hating its sexist and shit but who fucking cares its just a movie I watched it and I found it quite funny but I didnt turn into a man-hating feminazi afterwards.Anyway Im gonna get downvoted to hell for this I apologize for the rudeness and cursing.
gaming, Whats everyones favourite Ha-ry Po-ter game? I know a lot of the tie in games were terrible but the Lego games were a lot of fun.Looks like my old post disappeared. Seeing as it didnt violate any rules or stickies I reposted it.
gaming, I usually hesitate when I preorder games but oh projekt red
guns, Anyone help me out with a good trusted and reasonable FFL for transfers locally. I moved and all the gunbroker recommended FFLs either aren’t doing transfers right now or are charging $50+ per transfer
gaming, They shipped a faulty $3000 computer. Spent most of my weekend troubleshooting. If you are hoping to treat yourself or someone with a hassle free prebuilt ibuypower is not the company you want to visit. I paid for a $3000 computer that runs worse than my 4 year old $1400 Costco laptop
gaming, Originally planned to get No Mans Sky when it comes out in June but Im really enjoying Overwatch right now. Now Im dithering between static multiplayer fun or long-term changeable exploration.If you had to choose one which one and why?
gaming, Im trying to apply for press passes to every game convention I can find. Heres the list so far: * Boston Festival of Indie Games* dmw Games Conference* New York ComicCon* Magfest* Indiecade East* Pax East* Too Many Games * E3 * SGCWhat else?
gaming, So the games are on sale and I dont know which one to buy.Asking for the help of any weebs out here.Hear my plea.
gaming, I started playing fortnite since late season 3 and stopped playing completely just before season 10. Fortnite before was fun and enjoyable things got less and less simpler when season 6 came. The game started dying for me but I still played since my friends wanted to play with me. I only planned to stop playing fortnite for a couple days. days turned to weeks weeks turned to months and eventually I stoped playing. My old account is still sitting there untouched. All my old skins I’ve collected my pickaxes my gliders and emotes just sit in that old account. Fortnite isn’t fun anymore because theres to much little kids ruining it and the game isn’t the way it was.
gaming, Just got this new mouse Im loving it but Overwatch is too stressful to really appreciate the click and sit back and enjoy my RGB.  Any good recommendations for a mouse-heavy low stress (cheap) game on steam or otherwise?Edit: Ive downloaded trombone champ fun ten bucks mouse got plenty of use.
gaming, Hi! First post on this sub. I started playing trough outlast 2 yesterday and quit immediately without even getting trough the first area of the game. I have no idea why but even thinking about the game puts me into that post jump scare state and i just freeze up. I had my fair share of horror games and i truly enjoyed them (first horror game i ever played was one of the penumbra games). Im pretty much in a state of limbo when it comes to the outlast games. None of the many games i have played made me not want to play it like the outlast ones do. Outlast 1 took me almost a month and a half to beat. Anyone know how to get trough this fear of a game cuz i rly want to play trough it? Thanks in advance.
guns, ..a Tikka T3 (.308) with a wood stock and a Leupold VX 2. For $675. All in good condition other than some minor scratches on the stock.Sorry for the shit post but I just had to ask.
guns, I’ve put together a 458 socom AR and after trying it out a little  I found it couldn’t cycle properly. It ejects spent casings fine but can’t push the next round all the way into the chamber. This only seems to happen when actually firing it. Is there anyone with experience who knows what the cause might be? I was thinking it was my buffer spring or maybe the buffer itself.EDIT: I checked some more and found that it doesn’t matter which of my magazines I use. When I manually pull back the charging handle it works but only 7/10 times or so. The rounds I used when testing were 350 grain.
gaming, I know that any game of any genre can tell great stories but what I want to say is that horror like fantasy has so much potential to tell an incredible story without any limits.You can have ghosts you can have monsters you can have serial killers dealing with big internal problems natural disasters etc.Horror has so many ways of telling stories that Im surprised that most horror games go the easy way of telling a basic horror story rather than more complete ones like Silent Hill 2 or Soma.
gaming, its the first game i preordered and am loving it; most fun i have had on any survival movies/game.
gaming, Hello BinaryOne0 here*Disclaimer*I in no way agree with Microsoft actions upon forcing people to use the Kinect. Before people go insane. This is not to promote or make the console sound better. It is to ease the minds of people aiming at the kinect as a spying device. Please understand that is all I am aiming at. There are better ways to spy on someone with other devices other than the Kinect.Also I am in the UK so if any of the NSA stuff is deeper. Please let me know. News gets a bit messy or vague about american issues on our news channels and any info that is from people who have been dealing with this daily would be appreciated.Im here to ask a simple question to everyone out there.Are you paranoid of the X Box One Kinect?Yes?Well dont be.Yes there are many rumours of people being spied upon but just stop and think. Think to yourselfWould anyone really need to spy on me and what reason do they need to?Many people are paranoid of the Kinect as they feel that they could be or will be spied upon. But how many of you have a camera on your mobile device? How many of you have a webcam on your Desktop Computer?How many of you have CCTV in your area?And.... How many of you realise that many many people have cameras in their windows cars drive ways and any other place that could see you.For many years we have had cameras that surround us in our normal daily lives. And never do I hear people worry or get paranoid about being spied upon. Cameras and recording equipment has become a part of our daily lives and people never worry.Heres something for all of you to think about. When the Samsung Galaxy S4 was released or even announced they mentioned that they had a new feature within their front facing camera. This feature was that the camera could tell when you were looking at the screen or not which played or paused video on YouTube or on your devices internal video player. This meant that the camera was always on looking to see of you were looking or not.When that device was announced with that feature there was next to nothing about people saying it could spy on you. Yet the Kinect has been announced as always on and people are going crazy about it and saying it is going to be used to spy on you.Now I understand about the NSA Scandal in the USA. But all I heard was that they had peoples phone records which instantly lead to them spying. Yes its wrong that they were taking them but think about the life we love in at this moment. 9/11 London bombings terrorism plus many more. It is getting harder everyday to find them.Microsoft responded to concerns over Xbox One Kinect spying several weeks ago:“You will determine how responsive and personalized your Xbox One is to you and your family during setup. The system will navigate you through key privacy options like automatic or manual sign in privacy settings and clear notifications about how data is used. When Xbox One is on and you’re simply having a conversation in your living room your conversation is not being recorded or uploaded.”This seems to be an issue for many people but remember the questions I asked you earlier. WebCams Mobile Devices and CCTV all have a way of being hacked allowing you to be spied upon. Mobile devices can pinpoint exactly where you are through triangulation.I must also add that now Microsoft has announced that you only need to be online during the initial setup of your XBox One then after that you never need to log in again. This allows toy to be disconnected from the internet and not have to worry about the Kinect Spying on you as there would be no way for anyone to connect to it through hacking of there is no connection sending packets across the net for people to piggy back into your network. So my suggestion is that if you have no reason to be online turn the internet connection off on your system. This would prevent anyone being able to access your Kinect as there is no connection. Upgrade your routers firewall and have the router change its IP Address every 6-24 hours to help prevent any insecurity to your network. Never give your IP address out. Never give your Username or XBox Live Name to anyone you dont know or trust. This includes friends that you barely know. Only accept friends requests of people you know and trust. Put a PIN or turn on Parental Controls for added security to your system.Doing these steps can help alleviate an paranoia that anyone may have and hopefully help people understand that it is your responsibility to protect yourself from and hacking or access to your network or system.All I say is just step back think and then decide if you can live with or without cameras and microphones around you. If you can live with them then dont worry aboit the Kinect. If you cant then remove every device from your home and live in the woods with just candles and a wood stove.I have been BinaryOne0. And I will be looking forward to all the comments.
gaming, Hey all! I’ve been going head over heels in my search for a really good headset for my ps5 that has a very good micMonitoring/sidetone but I cannot get proper reviews or details about it. Anyone know if any really good sidetone/mic monitoring headers that are loud? Please help you guys.Mic monitoring/sidetone are features on headsets that allow you to hear yourself through your headset.
guns, And there is no inner locking mechanism.  I work armed security and I just bought this holster online.  It seemed fine last night when I swapped out my old holster but now my gun is just sitting in the holster without being locked in.  It wouldnt take much of a scuffle to bump the retention hoop down and someone either snatch the gun out or for it to fall out.  Is there a way for me to tighten it down myself or somewhere I can take it or do I just need to get a new one?
gaming, Create a virtual game that is like a school system that could teach our younger generation from home. It could happen in a virtual space where everyone connects and teaching happens via different tools that is created for the virtual space. Possibilities are tremendous when it comes down to virtual tools available and technology keeps on improving at unimaginable speed.Once youve done a system like that. You can keep on growing the business because virtual teaching would save so much time in the long run that nothing else could compete with it. Also the tools available surpass everything that is possible in normal school meaning nothing else could compete with it in the future.Virtual- augmented- mixed reality is the future. As technology keeps improving at a very fast pace that reduces the cost of such product. As it becomes more affordable majority is able to afford one.If we pool in money towards that technology we could improve it even faster. As technology improves so does the tools available in virtual space. Better the tools better the education available with those tools.You could think of it as a Massively multiplayer game which works as a schooling system. You create an avatar once you join the virtual space this avatar is how you attend school.School would work like a normal school youd have today. Youd have classes normally but in virtual space. All the other kids on your grade would also connect to the same virtual space where they can interact with each other via avatars. After classes there could be a hanging zones where you can interact with each other.Teaching would have a totally different meaning when utilized with technology. Kids would also love this kind teaching because it keeps you interested on the subject.
guns, Im looking into getting a carry gun and Ive narrowed down 2 choices: G19 or P320. Theres something drawing me towards the P320 but before that I would like to know from any of you here that own one how picky (or not) is it with ammo?Rant ahead: The reason I ask is because Im gonna either fix or get rid of my first pistol soon. Its one of the new model Jericho 941s. I really wanted to like this thing but its been a real headache since I got it almost a year ago and its just been collecting dust in the safe. Im not even sure if its ammo pickiness or its just broken. 2 brands have been the most problematic: Winchester white box and Browning 124 gr from academy. Consistent and repeatable failure to extract almost every mag. Next is Federal black pack. I dont think I got extract issues with this one but I did get a stovepipe every 2-3 mags or so. I didnt have any issues with some range ammo I bought when I first got the gun though. Interestingly enough its never failed with aluminum and steel cased ammo which is famous for jamming. Though with the alu. and steel on the last round fired the case would sometimes hang out in the ejection port.Has anyone else had similar problems with their pistols?
gaming, Ive heard kinda mixed things on it. And yes I did remove the dumb as hell IGN initial review that was like a 4.5 out of the equation for the dudes own save issue.But I thought it looked pretty cool and a lot like an environmental thriller like bioshock or dead space (2 more so).Thoughts?
guns, Ok so basically I suppose the answer is just practice I understand if this comes off really dumb. Curious if there’s any resources for this kind of thing I just got a .22 revolver that is dead on and have always wanted to be able to split cards I’m not really aware of the history or anything on trickshooting what are some of the things that Annie Oakley did or similar?Also does anyone IRL actually speed shoot with the hammer being smacked really fast or is that just a western movie thing
gaming, Been having a small identity crisis. I see myself as a gamer because that’s what I love doing but I don’t have a game that I am known for playing. Some friends are on Destiny some on Rust some on Ghost Recon. As for me I traverse to multiple games on multiple platforms inconsistently. So I ask you. What is your game? The game people know you play.
gaming, From software will announce Elden Ring game play is finished dev and they are waiting on George RR Martin to finish the writing. They will then cut to Martin who will say he’s made lots of progress and then announce he is in development with hbo on a prequel series Younger Ring
gaming, Holy shite that was a great game going about kicking and punching the absolute fuck out of everyone with sweet dance moves trying to find bubbles and save the kids. HOOOOOOO EEEEH-HEEEE
gaming, Would anyone have any recommendations of a PC I could buy. My friends all advised me that I should build one but I don’t know how and don’t really wanna go through all that trouble.My budget is $3000-$10000 and have no idea on what to really look for. Any help is appreciated.
gaming, Hey guys!So I haven’t been able to buy a PS5 yet and really don’t know when will I be able to. Notwithstanding I’m  really really thinking about upgrading my Samsung Syncmaster BX2250 mainly because I want a bigger screen.Working at home I currently can manage to play PS4 daily mainly/almost only NBA 2K that’s my jam. Nevertheless I have some other games which I would like to experience with greater detail so to speak like RDR2 or Horizon: Zero Dawn.I’d like some advice on a monitor I can buy with good bang-for-buck athat would also be great for the PS5 because I’m not thinking about getting another one after this purchase for a long time.Thank you all in advance and stay safe!
guns, My dad gave me a ronin holster by gunfighters inc and I’m looking for a way to drop it a bit so I can carry it under a pack belt. I saw that the company makes a panel for that but it’s the fabric kind that requires a thigh strap. What I want is more like the drop offset rig by blade tech. Does anyone know of anything compatible with my holster or know a way I could make something like it?
guns, I think I might conceal carry or at very least keep it in my car
guns, Im looking to add a lever action rifle to my collection preferably in .44 mag but Im not sure where to start.  I only know of the big 3 brands Winchester Marlin and Henry; and the Henry is a hard no due to the lack of a loading gate.  Anyone have a recommendation?
guns, I have been interested in purchasing bluetooth ear buds for shooting and I am seeing a lot of reviews that say you may want to double up when shooting.  Is that really a thing?  I really only shoot indoors handguns shotguns and AR-15 rifle.  Is there a set of Bluetooth air bud hearing protection that you dont need to wear headphones over?
guns, Im new to the world of firearms and I married into a family thats definitely not. So Im in the market for one of my own now. Ive tried a few guns from the family collection and found I enjoyed the bolt action most. Unfortunately the owner was from out of town and I forgot to pick his brain at the time.My budget would be around $600 and Im looking for something in 5.56 for caliber. The shooting would be primarily recreational something to do with the wife and in-laws. Ive done some Google searching but without knowing anything about brands or terminology its hard to know whats important and what just isnt going to matter for a first-timer. I turn to you all for advice whether on specific firearms or general 1st gun advice.
gaming, I have never played a Mafia game before it looks really cool!Somebody please explain the mechanics to me the core of the game if its worth it are there better games etc.Thank you :D
gaming, I remember i played it on one of those demo discs you could buy with a ps2 magazine.It was around early 2000s? (2000-2004)As soon as you started playing the game it would give you Do not play this game if you suffer from epilepsy. and it was pretty easy to tell why you were basically this flying robot/person? I dont know you looked weird kind of blockish and you had to fly through these levels also made of blocksand in some you had to shoot things etc.  It was a futuristic type game.It was 3rd person game and i do not remember at all what it was called.Anyone know the name of this game?
gaming, WITH Marvel World of Heroes shutting down soon  me and my alliance members were looking for a similar game.  One that we can all go play together if possible.  A card battle game similar to MWOH. Does anyone have any suggestions?
gaming, Me and my friend are opening a gaming based cafe in Liverpool tell us not only what your favourite game name would be. Tell us what cafe/inns you love in games!
gaming, I’m about to get deployed soon and I wanted to get a pretty good gaming laptop before I left. I have been quite interested in razor and predator they look like pretty good brands as I also know nothing about laptops. I ask my tech friends but they always give me 3-4K laptops and I want something pretty damn good but not over the top something that will run my games like for honor at a really good FPS and stuff and like resident evil village and games like those. Any help is appreciated and I will listen to anyone. My budget is about 1k to 2.5k usd
guns, Whether in the civilian or military market how do you think scopes aiming devices fire control systems etc will evolve over the next couple of decades?
gaming, As the title suggests Im looking for a game kind of like creative Minecraft but with more realistic buildings. I want to be able to build a small 16th century port side town a modern town or a futuristic megalopolis. Vehicles are optional but preferred.Id appreciate any help. Thanks.Regards LuckyGrunt. Peace and love 🤘
gaming, I mean old games (maybe 10 or 30 years old I could also accept year old)&amp;#x200B;my one is Styx SOD and Tom Clancys the division
guns, I know there are some examples of really expensive eye protection like glasses that could hold up to buckshot 12ga (at least as claimed by the manufacturer). Thats not what Im looking for. Still I want something thats not just a piece of crappy plastic.&amp;#x200B;Ideally it should be able to handle a 9mm round that ricocheted off of an incorrectly hanging steel plate 7-10 yards away. If not then at least something close to it.&amp;#x200B;And also I noticed that maybe because I have large face but most of the generic glasses I try seem to have a gap at the top. Near eyebrows. I actually had a casing fall into this gap and get stuck inside the glasses and burn my face once. So I would like something that covers the top. By contrast most construction glasses seem to cover the bottom more which make sense.
guns, So I bought a Nikon p-223 3x32 and I was looking at scope rings.I ended up walking away with the factory Nikon p series rings but the other ones I saw in the Same price point were the utg Accu sync. I know utg isnt rated all that high but  they were reviewed really well. Anyone got any experience? Are they any good?Is there another cantilever mounts that would work better in the same price range?
gaming, Back around the year 2000 there were a couple games that I loved playing because of a unique immersion.The first one that comes to is SimCity 2000 and Sim Helicopter.  You can build a world and play a game in it.  Honorable mention for Lego World(I think) because you could build a little Lego town and the people would be active in it and it made challenges for you.Anything similar come to mind for you guys?  Wanting to show my kids the magic of building a living world to play in.
gaming, Its a city building game set in medieval ages and seasons change while you play on the map.Tried looking for it in /r/videos I think I saw it there. My keyword was game....
gaming, Whats the name of the old flash game website thats logo is the dude with the creepy yellow smiling face?
gaming, A classic move to exist thats like stand off in Red Dead.
gaming, So I wanted to fiddle around with some graphic mods I installed NaturalVision and Beautiful Sky but it said ERR_GEN_INVALID. After a bit of googling I found out I needed to install the .asi plugins via OpenIV. It worked. Now I wanted to get rid of the mods to play online. I uninstalled em I try to play online Using an altered version. I uninstall the .asi plugins ERR_GEN_INVALID. What do I do now?
gaming, In light of E3 this week with all the ridiculous Xbox One stuff and everyone leaning over to the PS4.Ive made the decision to just invest in building a gaming PC. Ive LONG been a console gamer. I work in the IT field but dont know enough about the constantly upgraded video cards that seem to be released every week to build a machine.Considering the price tag of an Xbox One could some of you help me build a great gaming PC? Im not sure how much to put towards a budget. But lets start at $500 and I dont mind spending a couple hundred more.Id like to build a machine where I can play a lot of the popular games now on excellent settings as well as setting myself up for equal success with the games releasing with the new generation of games about to come out as well. Any help and suggestions would be appreciated.So far I imagine an i7 would be highly suggested. The only place I really know about shopping online is Newegg I also know they do combo part deals like MOBOs and processords etc.
guns, So Im filing a form 1 on my mini fix.  Im curious if anyone has found any alternatives to the factory stock? Any suggestions would be appreciated.
gaming, Guys can you please tell me how to escape a pin?Everytime I try I end up being disqualified.
guns, Think you can name them all?
gaming, I finally played and finished WaU; I imprisioned the crooked man sent Toad and TJ to the farm. Now Im curious on the fact that a) Faith was Nerrissa or B) Nerrissa was Faith. Either could be possible.  Ive seen a few videos and curious about the gamers general opinions.I chased after her as the final choice
guns, Anyone had the chance to compare a legion to a not legion? I liked the X5 regular a lot but passed on it to get one with an RMR cut.Is the new heavier legion model good? Is it worth the small premium over a regular X5?
guns, Anyone got any input on them ?
gaming, Simple question. I was thinking about this the other day while eating some delicious potato soup.To use WoW as an example - I know that it takes excellent interpersonal skills to be a raid leader. You have to deal with 10-40 people of various skill levels and roles get them to work together motivate them to learn the mechanics of a fight and spend tons of time outside of the game yourself learning the fight better than anyone else.If I was hiring someone and they said that they lead a successful raid guild through an entire expansion or was an admin over a minecraft server for a few years I would be impressed.What are your thoughts? &amp;nbsp;Edit: Just because some of the replies seem to be hostile this isnt something that I personally am thinking about doing or would encourage anyone to do. I was genuinely curious and wanted to see an intelligent discourse about the topic.
guns, Hello I recently purchased a hunting rifle in an online auction and stupidly assumed the seller would ship overnight through UPS if I paid the shipping fee. But he is adamant about shipping on the ground. All the forums Ive read have said it is illegal to do this but I cant find anything on the ATF website that says its illegal. Can anyone shed light on this subject? Thank you.
guns, I am looking at building an AR pistol and was considering a piston system vs direct impingement. I know Adams arms and superlative arms are the main producers. Does anyone have experience or suggestions on building a gas piston system?
guns, I am starting to add to what I already have and while I want all the guns I am leaning towards similar guns with different calibers since I really like my 1911s. but that means I have to have a bunch of different types of ammo on hand. I dont have a favorite caliber to shoot except maybe .22lr and I do have 6 pretty different .22lr guns. Im curious as to what philosophy others have had on this.
guns, I’m planning to go to Jersey for a few days and don’t really know that to do.
gaming, Would anyone be willing to gameshare borderlands 3 with me ?
guns, Looking for a bit of help regarding getting my CZ P-09 Suppressor Ready model milled for an optic.   Jagewerks had an incredible deal (still going) so Ive chosen the Holosun 407c/507c/508T milling with the Glock dovetail cut in front of the optic.   I have a Rugged Obsidian 45 on order that Ill be using it with.   Do you have any suggestions for a new rear sight that would work with both the optic and the suppressor height front sight? I havent found much about suppressor height sights in front of the optic?  Thanks!
gaming, Dell OptiPlex Desktop Computer - Powerful Intel Pentium Dual Core 2.5GHz Processor 80GB Hard Drive - 4GB Memory - DVD RW (Writer)(Box only for sale)Intel® Core 2 Duo CPU 2.50GHz2 GB DDR2 RAM DIMM 800MHzWindows 7 Ultimate V6.1 Build 7601 Service Pack 1 32bit80gb SATA HDD
gaming, Anybody know if any factions are resetting
gaming, Mine are the new Witcher expansion and the new Deus Ex.  Slightly hyped for Uncharted 4.   Uncharted 3 was a disappointment. I went back and played it in the hd collection and it was a bore to play.  Im not sure what else there is maybe Doom.  But the beta was just ok.  FF 15 demo was a technical mess on ps4 and just wasnt my style. Overwatch looks promising but it just doesnt look that great to me. Im more of a single player guy anyway.
guns, Just for kicks what design elements would be needed to run a semi-auto handgun (45acp) reliably and dirtily? Ive seen a video on 1911 with blackpowder but at some point its going to fail to cycle. How would you design a semi auto dedicated to dirty powder? Im guessing fixed barrel lighter spring looser tolerances in some areas very easy dissembly since cleaning will be frequent. Is there a handgun out there to fit this already...
gaming, Anyone know of any? Its an itch ive been needed to scratch lol.
gaming, So this was prompted by my recent attempt to buy and play armored core last raven portable on my ps vita tv. This much to my chagrin didnt work even though it allowed me to buy and download it from the vita tv psn store. So my question is why can the vita tv play some psp games but not all? If anyone has any info on the issue it would be greatly appreciated.
guns, Hi r/guns Knowing your broad knowledge in gun from various era and origin Ive thought this was the right place as any to ask my question (but if the mods dont agree with it just delete my post no biggies).I am trying to expand my knowledge (and library) and I am atm looking for books and especially the kind of encyclopedia that have lot of detailed pictures with some text to go with them.I would like to find book related to :- The G3 family (G3 HK21-23 PSG1 MP5 ...) And derivatives (Portugal Spain ect ...)- The Chinese small weaponry(from the Type 88 to todays QBZ) - The Russian/Soviet small weaponry- The AK family (AK-47 AKM(S-N) PP19 ) and derivatives (Bulgaria Poland Czech Israel ...)- And finally the AK prototypes and experimental weapons that never seen the light of days (AO series TKB series AD series ...) If you have great suggestions for any of this books feels free to share and happy shooting !
guns, Got a buddy thats going to a inpatient facility for a pretty bad drinking and mental health(depression). Ive been holding his guns for him in my safe. He asked me if his inpatient facility visit would count on the form 4473 question 12f as a yes. Anyone know?
guns, Would reduced recoil 12ga be comparable to the recoil of a 20ga with better stopping power or would it be better to go with the 20ga?Thanks
gaming, So hyped about Titanfall after playing beta. Looks to me beta was just a small taste of what is to come. Sweet
gaming, It seems like an interesting game but since based off of something that I know of but have no opinion of idk. Theres no demo and watching wont really help.
gaming, I’m looking for people to join me and my buddy in overwatch on pc and we are English so please be able to speak English
gaming, Looking for game recommendations as I got a Switch for Christmas. I also nabbed Smash Ultimate and loving every second of it. Just thought I’d ask you guys what games you recommend besides the obvious buys like Breath of the Wild.
guns, Something I am confused about - why do 22lr magazines - from the factory - carry so little? Wife and I shoot ruger mark iv and sr22... Sr22 has an extension option but for the most part from the factory we noticed almost all pistols in rimfire carry only 10 rounds. Where 9mm often have 15-17 rounds. Any info why?I was thinking maybe the spring and ejector mechanism has some limits. Because the 22lr recoil is so small you have to balance the extraction and feeding system in a way that doesn’t allow for “strong” magazine springs... especially when used for target and plinking where recoil needs to stay low. Or maybe cause rimfire has to be seated a certain way... so more effort in how it goes in the chamber? Thus not able to stack them oddly (need to control the feed) Or combo? Or something else?Either way just looking to get some idea why if anyone knows
gaming, Im looking at the standard edition an edition with Atomic Blimp DLC (really - how fun will a Blimp actually be? What does it do beyond float slowly and majestically through the sky?) and what appears to be a Japanese Special Edition. I live in Australia and the site says that future DLC might need an Asian PSN account - but I dont really download content much.As a casual gamer who is pretty clueless - can someone please inform me how to spend my money? Thanks.EDIT: bad at words
gaming, I’m replaying Celeste and remembered that hell that is golden strawberries. That got my thinking what the hardest challenge is for each type of genre (platform fighter sandbox rogue like etc.) this can be anything from achievements to a single costume or entirely optional.
gaming, i really like to play with paladin. But i read on forums ret pala is very bad in PVE :( is this really that bad? And not gonna be impossible to get in a raid?
gaming, Just finished Little Misfortune and being a huge fan of Fran Bow I loved it! I tried looking for similar games but I dont think they exist (or Im just not looking hard enough)! If anyone has suggestions for games that blend the horror/gore with sweet/innocent Id be forever grateful! Oh and Im fully aware of Sally Face another great game!Thanks for your help!
guns, 1. Have they fixed the stocks on all the new ones so they dont fracture your cheekbone?2. Do you still have a 50% chance of getting a piece of shit out of the box?Ive been contemplating getting one due to the better receiver but I know they were riddled with issues for a long time and even if you send it back to the factory they look at it maybe spit on it then send it back. Is it worth taking the risk or pick up a different akm at that price point
gaming, I dont know about you guys but in my country at least people are still skeptical about gaming family and some friends also.But if it werent for gaming I would not have learned how to properly speak english or get interested in a lot of stuff.For example history I never liked history classes and would always study just to get enough good grades not because I liked but because I had to but because of games like Assassins Creed I had interest in history sure they  tell their own version of things but if you are into the story chances are you are going to read or at least watch videos of the real thing at least thats what I did.Recently it happened again after I finished God of War for PS4 i knew little about greek mythology norse mythology etc. But because of this game i started to read into this stuff and now Im really trying to read and understand all the mythologies and it feels great school talked about some of this stuff but in a very very boring way.Gaming has thought me so much those were only a few examples but if it werent for gaming i wouldnt be able to write this post in the first place.Sorry for any typos or gramatical errors english is not my native language.
guns, Ive been lurking around here for a while and I dont really see much talk about hunting.Heres my question: what do you guys think about hunting deer with a .223? Specifically with an AR-15 and the smaller deer found in Arizona as opposed to the bigger deer in the east but any rifle and techniques are welcomed.Edit: I dont know if all AR-15s can use 5.56 but mine can. Does that open up new and prefered cartridges I should use?Im posting this here because this is much larger than the hunting subreddit.
gaming, I missed yesterdays broadcast where can I go to watch all the press conferences online?
gaming, I am normally one to go for FPS and RTS games and admittedly modern titles. I love turn based games but I find it had to get fully drawn into them.Inscription is such a great blend of different gameplays. It does a great job of investing the player into the story and keeping them invested in finishing the game.  I also love getting surprised by what happens next. This game kept me on my toes  right up to the end.  I dont want to risk spoiling anything for potential new players but there is a steam demo for those who want to try it.
gaming, What scenes from video games made you cry? 1. Arthur Morgan telling the nun that’s he’s dying and afraid in Red Dead 2 makes me weep like a child.2. Pretty much every emotional moment in both The Last of Us games.
gaming, So last night at around 2 Am I was really bored so I decided to download Pokemon Go! to my Ipad(I dont have a smartphone). I havent updated it in a while so I needed to do that before I could download Pokemon Go. While updating to the latest IOS My Ipad froze. A half hour later it turned off and restarted with a connect to Itunes icon. It was at that point I knew I done fucked up. So I connect it to my pc and low and behold: There is an error with Ipad Ipad and needs to be updated or reset. Fuck! FUCK! So I spend the next 5 HOURS in chat and voice calls only to be told that 6 years of pictures/recorded music/game saves are gone. Nothing I can do about it. It is partly my fault for not backing up the data and its not really Pokemon Go!s fault(even though it is the reason all of this happened) but damnit apple you had ONE JOB! So here I sit a sad boi.
gaming, i look on steam everyday for a new game to play and find nothing. i feellike all games are the same today? does anyone have any recommendations? i play on ps4 xbox and pc
guns, Got my PSA rifle kit but the rail was damaged on arrival I emailed them the first day but they took like weeks to reply. After a remail PSA replied super vague and I thought sending the rail was ok and started buliding the kit. Now they replied saying I have to send the whole kit back for a exchange and not just the rail do I have options here or am I just screwed and have to buy a new rail?
gaming, Hi all my brother has high-functioning autism and he plays video games A LOT. He gets kinda grumpy when I ask about it but whenever I walk in on his gaming there are other people online/in the game who are calling him names and being really mean. He doesnt have many friends IRL who play with him so when he finds other people in the game/online I guess I can see why he wouldnt want to cut them out even if theyre being massive jerks. But I can tell the verbal abuse gets to him. I know there are people who find awesome friends through this kinda stuff (online gaming) and was wondering if you have any advice I can pass on to him on where to find them.
gaming, One day you wake up to find yourself in the middle of a deserted island by some mysterious power.    The island has enough food and a good living accommodations not to worry about survival. On your hand is one single player game you thought would keep you occupied during the weekend. No other forms of entertainment than that. You have all the gaming consoles and computers you need but no internet connection and only one game you have on your hand. You can bypass all DRMs though even without online connection. Technicalities aside what would that game be and why?&amp;#x200B;My favourite genre of games is RPG but I wouldnt wanna play it for the rest of god knows how long stay on the island. I think I will bring Europa Universalis since it can give me about 1000 hours of fun at least.
gaming, So I have Dark Souls 2 honestly the one game I paid full price for but barely played. Got bloodborne which I loved playing for a long time but stopped playing after the spider boss after the graveyard.Mainly asking: Is this the type of intense survival game we have been looking for and is it worth the full price digital purchase now or something that could wait about a couple of months
gaming, Recently I had total war warhammer 2 that kept me busy for a few weeks but ever since then its been kinda meh. I love adventure games and tried civ 6 other total war games divinity original sin (i liked it but I dont know meh.) the witcher 3 was AMAZING dark souls 3 was too hard (i know make fun of me ^^) I used to love overwatch to but that community is horrible so I kinda bummed out on that. Anyway what are some awesome game suggestions from all genres? Because I really want a new gem to keep me busy! What are you guys totally in to atm?
gaming, Title says it all. I want to play red dead redemption but i dont own a 360 and the game is not avaible on anything else i own. I found out you could emulate the game but i was wondering wether or not that would be considered piracy.
guns, All are Turkish-made entry-level O/U shotguns. Despite the commonly held belief that Turkish guns are of poor quality Ive got to believe that nowadays the markets affordable options no longer fall apart after 500 rounds.What is the expected lifespan of one of these with regular maintenance?
guns, Like the title says I have a strange question to ask you guys.I have an older model (5 years old) Blackhawk Serpa holster that I use with my Glock 35 I think when I bought it it was made for a Glock 17 because the barrel does stick out roughly a half inch.But anyways I put a Glock 19x in layaway at a local gun store now putting the arguments about said gun aside because I know some people love to hate the 19x. I was wondering if the holster I have for my 35 will fit my 19x being in layaway I can’t really get my hands on it right now.  I was wondering if anyone has experience or knowledge that can help me out.Like I said I’m aware this particular gun has some haters but I like it.
gaming, Anybody playing this yet? Find the scoring mechanics to be random as hell more likely to hit a goal from across the entire field than right up next to the net when Im actually passing
gaming, This seemingly innocent game is the most bloody infuriating rage inducing game that I ever played. The amout of times I wanted to throw my phone or laptop across the room in anger is concerning. Yet I somehow can not stop playing. Its too addicting.Now imagine this game having voicechat. Id be up at 3 in the morning screaming at the screen about how Im going to get my revenge to the snake that killed me LOL.
gaming, Just thought to give a shout out to FF9 card game.Started to play FF9 and i forgot how fun this simple card game is.Got me thinking how nice would it be that IF there was this card game online battles. Players log in with their saves and whatever card they have at their disposal.And then battle other players.Its just me thinking out loud.😊
gaming, It was a computer game in the early to middle 2000s. You could play as either a fire truck or a police car. You had to help people. I remember it being half an urban environment and half with some mountains and grassy areas. Its kid friendly Please help!
gaming, Alrighty so here goes. I have been crazy into games since I was a kid. Life turned into complete crap when I was around 15 and Im slowly gaining my mental health back. Im also a sucker for the 2000-2010 gaming era. Ive missed too much obviously and I want to experience everything from the PS2 era. Todays my birthday and I found msyelf surfing through a couple of used XBOX 360s. My question is since its a really old console and Im only gonna get a small number of physical copies of games in the used market is the XBOX live store still up and running? If yes how long do you think I can keep downloading games from it? Is it possible to soft-mod the console to play roms? Im only looking it as an option if I cant get the games legally. Secondly Im not worried about online multiplayer gaming since Ill mostly be playing single player games. Is it going to be a problem if Microsoft decides to stop support for the console(if they havent already)?Thanks for your time if you read this.PS - Please tell me anything else I should know. Any advice is appreciated.
guns, Is the gunnit discord down? Its telling me the invite is expired when I try to rejoin. I dont think I got banned.
gaming, Was showing good ol DOS to a gen Z-er whod never heard of it and was talking about how there were also a few newer versions up through a few Windows generations. Then later thought about how amazing a VR or open-world type iteration would be.  Attacked by natives!Hunting!Side quests at Forts!Recovering from Dysentery!Starting a homestead when youve taken too damn long to traverse the country and have to set up shop for the winter (or longer? Start your own store to sell to travelers!)
guns, Is it shit or is it fantastic?
guns, I carry this Charter Arms .38 as my back up most of the time when Im on duty. I also use it as a light option for EDC if Im not going too far from home. The Pachmayr grip is fine but I kind of want to try something a little smaller or thinner for better concealment. Any thoughts?
guns, Good morning Im new to Glocks and I just purchased a Glock 17 gen 4 from a buddy of mine. I have smaller hands so I took the backstrap off that was on the firearm. Now when I grip the gun the trigger housing pin digs into my hand and makes it somewhat uncomfortable to grip. Are there smaller trigger housing pins I can purchase so it will be flush with the receiver? Any help would be greatly appreciated sorry for the noob question!!
gaming, Does anyone feel that you’re better off waiting until you beat the game before joining said game’s subreddit? There are some instances where I can understand joining before that…maybe you need some advice that you can’t find via google troubleshooting some bug etc. I see a lot of “just bought this game any tips before I start?” Or asking about something that you are not supposed to know the answer to yet. It’s really not a big deal and I’m in no way angry about it but I’m addicted to my phone and Reddit is the place where my thoughts can turn into discussion so here we are.
gaming, You play as a blue-headed dreadlock girl fighting werewolves with a boomerang. Thats all I got. Oh and some old guy saying Oh Try again! after failing part of a tutorial.
gaming, Not sure if this is the right place to ask but Ill try. Looking for retail shops in London that sell all kinds of gaming merchandise: key rings posters figures clothes etc etc - anything. At first I wanted to order some stuff online but Im afraid it wont be delivered in time.
guns, Hey guys I was hoping you could help me out. I just got a new scope for my 22-250 H&amp;R Handi rifle and found that my old scope rings AR stripped out and need replacing. Seeing as Im going to be heading do graduate school here pretty quick my funds are limited. I was hoping somebody could point me in the right direction for the best scope rings for the money without spending too much. My scope is a Nikon Buckmaster with a 1 inch tube and will be mounting to a rail on the top of my rifle. Thank you!
guns, Ive built my small collection around utilizing two cartridges: 9mm and 5.56. Now with the pandemic it is clear that basing all your gun around popular calibers isnt sustainable during an ammo shortage.What guns are dependable and versatile while also using unpopular calibers? When I say unpopular I mean cartridges you can find in stock in many places without a huge panic-related price increase. My initial thoughts were 7.62x39 and .308 since I can find some in stock without searching too hard. In those cases maybe an AKM or bolt-action rifle but AKs were expensive even before the pandemic and bolt-action rifles are well bolt action. What are your thoughts?
guns, Probably a super common question but I’m looking to get my first rifle and develop some basic marksmanship. The market is super saturated so I wanna hear from enthusiasts. After all if you’re will to talk about your firearm for free you must really like it! I’m really only looking for home defense and recreation. My budget would be about $1200. Any advice is greatly appreciated.
guns, Only home defense and range shooting allowed.
guns, My uncle offered to sell me his 1943 Inland  M1 carbine little to no bluing good bore and decent stock. He said that I could pay him what I thought was fair. What are M1 carbines going for these days?
gaming, I cant decide if i should get overwatch for my gf she doesnt have much experience with pc gaming and im not sure if overwatch would be easy for her or should she avoid it?
gaming, While playing a videogame I assume people find points to talk about constantly. But how does one fill the gaps of silence between topics to talk about (which I have problems in finding too)? For instance while playing Overwatch 2 during a match one makes comments and talks or whatever about what is happening or what could have been done but what is one supposed to say when the group goes back to the main menu? I am not shy anymore in real life and I talk so easily and yet in online games I find it harder to talk about anything to break the ice. What tips can you offer to help me in dealing with the awkwardness of lack of communication or even lack of things to do (so far in my life I played and talked at the same time with only two people and both were awkward experiences the moment the game activity ends)?
gaming, 1000hrs+
gaming, So I was talking to a friend and reminiscing about DX. I mentioned trying to get a few games in if we could....I wanted to see if any of yall would be down if I set up a server?
gaming, Let me get this out first. I understand that a cooling fan WILL decrease the internal temperature of the laptop (albeit minimally). My question is this..    Does a cooling fan cool enough to even matter? Can I just place any random object under my laptop to lift it up and cool close to the same? Im undecided if I want to haul around a laptop cooling fan while I travel.    I currently have the Razer Blade 13.5 in. Not sure the specs on that.
gaming, I don’t want the family managing system to be the main feature moreso just a part of the game. Think Crusader Kings Massive Chalice Bannerlord etc sorta game. I love getting to see the payoff of seeing my character have his own accomplishments while also having a spouse and children to carry on their story. If you guys have any recommendations it’d be appreciated!!
guns, Quick question does anyone know enough about the Titan 25 or the Tanfolgio GT27 to say if they are drop safe or not? Or has anyone carried one long enough to know practically if they are comfortable with one in the chamber?
gaming, I love cut scenes I feel like they are like a little bonus to the game itself and its art that that developers spent time on and want people to appreciate but I know multiple people who hate watching cut scenes and want to skip every single one even on games that are story driven I just want to know what your reasoning for this might be?
guns, I have browning x bolt want to outfit it with a lei pole vx-1 3-9x 44 scope. I’m looking at the browning integrated scope and base rings what size do I need to purchase?
guns, I just got a Springfield XDM-Elite and I ordered the adapter plate for a Sig Romeo Zero but Im thinking I want to get a different optic. I was wondering if anyone knows what other optics have the same footprint as the Romeo Zero so I could get away with NOT ordering another adapter.
guns, So my buddy just got Maverick 88 security 12 gauge... Went skeet shooting with him Ive never shot a shotgun but Ive shot handguns and rifles thinking this should be fun... I was very surprised at the recoil of even bird shot loads... Shot probably 25 rounds did pretty decent probably hit 10 Clays. Anyway next day had a huge bruise and sore as hell am I just a bitch or what? How the hell do you go a whole afternoon shooting without regretting it the next day?
gaming, Went to the Real Canadian Super Store in Simcoe Ontario to grab some Vita memory cards (they still had some in stock) and found two giant bins filled with some great clearance titles. Heres a list of some that I found but there might be other titles available at other locations:Titles are Multi Platform unless otherwise statedMetal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain $20Destiny: he Taken King Legendary Edition $20Mario and Luigi Dream Team $20Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 (Vita) $6NHL 15 $3MLB 15 (Vita) $3Theres a bunch more I didnt think to make a list unfortunately when I was there. If you live near one see whats available in your store.
gaming, Ive been playing a lot of Atlus games lately and realized that they have slowly become one of my favorite game developers.  Im a sucker for classic turn-based JRPGs and they seem to be the only developer that still regularly releases them.  I only wish that they would release more games outside of the handheld market.So now Im wondering who some of your favorites are.Cheers.
gaming, I want to play Witcher 3 but for that I need to play first two games. I have tried that earlier but I didnt like it it felt really boring. Is there some way for me to enjoy these games?
gaming, this is my 6 month check in to ask has anyone heard anything about shipbreakers? blackbird does not update their site with any news and no news stories i could find about it. also homeworld remastered on feb 25!
gaming, When it comes to selecting your starter at the beginning of a generation what do you find you go for most of the time?Do you like to grow strong with grass types?Are you all about those bulky water types?Or do you just like to burn everything in your path with an old fashioned fire type?Let me know below :)
gaming, I personally love it i got it yesterday and stayed up all night to beat it and it was worth every minute and thought it did very well in story and drawing you in in every way and hit the feels hard and wanted to know how you guys liked it
guns, Martin@stockholmhandel.se
gaming, I guess I’m having trouble facing the facts that: A. Gaming is changing and much more importantly B. My specific view of gaming HAS changed.  I was regrettably one of those people that traded his 360 for a PS3 in wake of the Microsoftgate scandal so to speak.  I don’t regret that I traded my 360 I’ve actually had a lot of fun with my PS3; I regret that I let the internet sway me so vastly that it caused be to trade in my favorite and most meaningful piece of technology Ive ever bought.  Yet I digress through this whole mess and the hype leading up to the release of the new consoles I’ve learned that I have to allow my view of gaming to change.  All my friends are starting families careers and basically their lives.  No more all-nighters on Halo with my buddies.  No more Bungie day 24hour marathons to get recon armor. No more marathon Mario party sessions.  It is deeply depressing to me that I have games like Uncharted Journey The Last Of Us and Shadow of Colossus that I can’t find the time or the patience to play.  I want to play these games and spend all day beating them but something always takes precedence.  That being said I am extremely excited for this new generation of games.  The trailers for some of the games have re-kindled a fire that is new and exciting yet familiar and comfortable.  I plan on getting an XB1 because it has the kind of games that look interesting to me although there are a lot of PS4 exclusives that look phenomenal (I’m looking at you Resogun!).  At the end of the day I have to remember that being a gamer isn’t defined by the internet or what console I buy or what my friends are playing; it’s defined by me.TLDR: Do what you want and enjoy it.
guns, I have come to the realization that a P365XL while great for EDC is not all that when it comes to range/competition. Looking to splurge on something a bit bigger and am looking for thoughts on the two pistols above if anyone has experience and also potentially viability for AIWB CCW on both. I’m 6’ 185lbs so just an average guy I guess if that helps with the carry question. Fell in love with a X5 Legion a couple weeks ago but want to explore my other options. Baggy clothes ftw if concealing is possible because I know they’re both bigger handguns.
gaming, Some personal favorites of mine:Shadow of the ColossusNi no Kuni: Wrath of the White WitchThe Last of UsJourneySuper Mario GalaxyPersona 5The Legend of Zelda: Wind WakerKingdom Hearts 1 &amp; 2Shovel KnightYoshi’s Wooly WorldBastionAnimal CrossingFIFA Street 2 (this game had some fucking jams)Give me your favs! I need to build my library
gaming, This game is awsome. You feel like you are playing in the game as the actual character. The rain and thunder look and sound so real. There is some real logic in the game witch is good.
guns, Recently had an unfortunate event with a neighbor. Cops were called half naked women running out her house claiming someone came into her home and fled. My family and I live in a family community and were never expecting this. Gun ownership is something thats always been on my mind gun safety even more so and am going to purchase my first handgun. I would like to get a nightstand gun safe and am considering the Fort Knox. I know a bedside gun safe should be easily and quickly accessible but I am concerned for my toddler and newborn. Also my nightstand is moderately cheap (Ikea).So should I make more of an effort to conceal the safe in the drawer (drawback is quick access for intruder)? Is the dresser stability a big factor? Anyone here have a similar issue? Thanks
guns, Hey everyone. I know the perennial “LCP II vs. Bodyguard” debate is hotly contested but I’ve decided to go against the LCP and get a Bodyguard. This is exclusively for pocket carry. I know it shoots choppy and unpleasantly. I also have a Shield 2.0 which I love. My question is is a laser even useful on a CCW? What would be the point? When I think of using it I think of defending my life within about 10-15 feet. Is it worth the extra 60 bucks and bulk?
gaming, Im in the market for a new gaming laptop but Im not sure which to go with.   My budget is under $1500.   I was looking into Alienware because I know they are known for making gaming laptops (Alienware AW15R4-7675SLV-PUS 15 R4)  Does anyone have other recommendations for gaming laptops under $1500?
guns, First time posting here and gonna be first time owner of a pistol soon and I have 3 questions for you guys. 1. I was reading up on the laws in Georgia USA. And I see that I can have a gun concealed or unconcealed in my property without a carry license. My two part question to this is if I go to a gun range and do not have a carry license is it illegal to get out of my car with my gun and walk to the gun range to use it for practice? Could I technically be stopped by a cop and something happen? 2. The piggy back the last question sorta my question has to do with my car. I know cars in the summer can get stupid hot is it okay to leave a gun in the car when it gets really hot? Is it like proper etiquette  to remove it from the car all the time anyways or what will happen if it’s in a super hot car? Misfire? Malfunctioning? 3. Finally any recommendations for good handguns? I was thinking of getting a glock of some sorts. Not sure if maybe there are better pistols? Also not sure if there would be better recommendations for a pistol in your house vs a pistol in your car. Thanks.
gaming, Ive been a diehard Sonic fan since i was a kid but i know some games are non canon and just for fun like Sonic Raiders and Sonic Rivals where does Sonic Forces fit into the main storyline? Correct me if im wrong but the current storyline order is:(im gonna name the special editions)Sonic Adventure DXSonic Adventure 2 BattleSonic HeroesSonic The Hedgehog(2006) Sonic Forces??? Any feedback is greatly appreciated.
gaming, I have a budget gaming PC with a ryzen 5 2400g 8gb of ram a rog strix b350-f or something motherboard along with a 500 watt psu. Im wondering what gpu I should get thats under 130 USD.
gaming, So I tried to give this away multiple times with the same result guess whos first can have it ^_^ Goodluck.J5HJW7567AWXHKAM5JRG
gaming, A lot of the lists from media outlets put Steel Series Arctis Pro at the top but I hear it’s surround sound is terrible. Any insight?
gaming, My buddy and I back in 2012 used to play this online multiplayer pvp game and we really want to find it but cant for the life of us remember the name.Weve tried googling around we looked through all of steams online multiplayer games and still nothing.DESCRIPTION:The game was class-based with character customization it had a cartoony look kinda like Monday Night Combat mixed with Nintendos Arms.The gameplay that we remember most was a wave-based horde-like mode and we especially remember fighting clowns on a carnival-esque map. I also remember there being a dark city-at-night map.I cant remember for sure but I think there were also powerups you could pick up?If anyone could help us out and give us the name of the game wed be forever grateful &lt;3
gaming, I would not allow any microtransactions and loot boxes in our games also Id ship bug-free and full of content games on release
guns, The old &amp; the new remington 700 in three oh hate and a norwegian m98kf1 (.30-06 kar98k)
gaming, Starting with balancing: the meta in competitive games always changes and no one is every satisfied with what we get. These situations play into every single match in every game.Next with skill based matchmaking: not many people like playing in lobbies their level. Take cod apex or overwatch for example. You get into a match with everyone the same rank and suddenly its a struggle. You can’t chill and you can’t go crazy. If we have no sbmm however higher ranked players seep into lower level lobbies. This ruins the fun for both parties. Too easy for one too hard for the other. For the below average players if they’re playing in their rank it’s harder for them to improve as there’s no challenge. So no matter what type of sbmm we have it’s always gonna be bad for someone and both sides are big in population.Now to the players: video games are becoming increasingly toxic. We see it in game chat clips messages and after rounds in cod lol. No matter where you go there’s more toxicity than not. This isn’t a big part but it adds to the pile.TL;DR what do you think about competitive gaming and how fun it is/was/can be?
gaming, I used to play games when I was a kid - had a DS PS2 Wii PSP and a N64. However I havent really gamed in a long time. I am thinking about buying a switch for myself - particularly for the new animal crossing game coming out in March. To those that have a switch - is it worth it? Are the sonic/mario games on switch fun enough for it? Will it have enough longevity to last in terms of New games coming out? Is it better to get the full switch system or the lite version? Thank you for any advice - none of my friends own one (oh bein old!)
guns, Got a killer deal on a Norinco from my FFL. Id like to throw an optic on it. Thinking between 1x and 3x maybe a prism scope or a 1-4x. I dont want to modify the rifle at all. I found some interesting products from Matador Arms that look promising. Any advice?
gaming, they are nothing at all like roguelikes.games like early RPGs like Dragon Crystal on game gear/master system were examples of roguelikes or those randomly generated ascii text RPGs which are basically arrays that are a common first RPG game project for programmers...games like this are more Action RPGs mixed with side scrolling platformers.for one even though you restart when you die you gain levels. nothing at all like a roguelike (you die your dead game over in a roguelike)I truly do not see any relation to the classic roguelike genre. none at all. but now I see youtubers calling this a roguelike.have people expanded the meaning of this genre suddenly? is it just a misunderstanding for them of what a roguelike actually is? never before in almost 30 years have I heard of a side scrolling action RPG being called roguelike no matter how difficult it was.
guns, Hey everyone my daughter wants to start competing in Rimfire challenge (.22lr) and needs a rifle and handgun that are semi-auto and have 10 round mags. She is 9 years old and on the small side. Her current rifle is the tiny Savage Rascal .22lr. Are there any semi-auto rifles that are small and light that hold 10 rounds? Also any recommendations for a .22lr handgun for her? Need reliability as I’ve had feeding issues with several .22lr guns in the past. Money isn’t really a significant factor in the purchases.
gaming, first come first serve on originE2EE-MSLU-NKN8-WCAB-E3MG
gaming, I am thinking about buying a mac for school and gaming and i was wondering what was the best one for gaming. I am looking for a Macbook Pro not the iMac. Thanks in advance.
gaming, Save this post or check back next week after the game awards. Red dead despite all the other amazing games and it coming out last and half the game(multiplayer)barely even out when the game awards are will win.Red dead is winning because its a popularity contest
guns, Hey gunnit yesterday I decided to do a color fill on my m&amp;p shield. Ive done it before to my glock 17 and had no issues. I used the same non acetone nail polish remover on the shield as I did with my glock literally the same bottle. On my glock there are no traces of the remover on the slide at all it looks like it came color filled from the factory. But with my shield you can still see the areas that I used the remover on the coloration is a bit lighter than the rest of slide. Ive tried using light coats of rem oil because thats what I did with my glock. Im wondering if anyone knows any solution to this besides getting a silicone cloth?
gaming, Dude is anyone else as excited as I am for this? Finally a racing game on VR everyone can get on-board with.
gaming, I was never a gamer up until 5 years ago and am still not a total one right now. I really want to get into the LoZ games and I watched a timeline video as I know there are 3 timelines (Fallen Hero Child Adult). The whole Zelda sending Link back to the past and multiple Links and Zeldas kind of confuses me but anyway back to the point. I am really eager to play these games and want to know which was is the best timeline overall and the best to start with.Also should I buy the Hyrule Historia?
gaming, Just a thought Ive been having lately that I thought some of you guys might like.I think that the whole fad of procedurally generated dungeons loot quests etc in the name of replayability can actually have the opposite result for me at least. Im certain this is entirely up to personal preference but if youre like me maybe this will be that sort of aha moment in realizing why you cant get fully immersed into games which heavily push a procedurally generated element like their dungeons.I feel that procedural generation removes a lot of potential for nostalgic replay value. If I go into a dungeon created by a computer algorithm to be new and fresh every time then theres no way to revisit that initial experience. Elements will be the same the same enemies will be there but it wont be the exact same experience I had when I first went in.I think theres something special about a hand-crafted meticulously designed human made experience. When things are meant to happen a certain way you can go back to relive those same moments one by one. Oh yeah theres that boss! Oh shit I remember this room etc etc.Anyway just a little realization/shower thought I had about my own personal preferences in games.
gaming, Hi GamingIt has been a very long time since I have played a hunting game I am ideally looking for a game with different countries where you could hunt. As I am from Africa I would like the option to hunt some of our game.TIA for your opinions r/gamingRegardsReally_doesitmatter
gaming, I argue that it is Minecraft a friend of mine says its Doom another says its Mario... so what is it in your opinion ? ( doesnt have to be one of these three it can be tetris etc i just want to know peoples opinions )
gaming, What are some classical music pieces that could easily be a battle music for an RPG or any game? A lot of classical music can be intense enough to be used as battle music.Me I always imagined Schubert Franz Unfinished Symphony as a battle music. I see it more as an RPG boss battle music.If I were to design an RPG I would use that for a boss battle. Not just your everyday boss battle—No it would be something specific.
guns, Has anyone on here spent any time behind the V3 Comp Tac or Tactical 18.5? Im curious how they compare to some of the other options on the market but theres not a lot of info out about them.
guns, Good morning gun family. I just bought a new savage 270 Winchester at cabelas. I was in somewhat of a hurry and no  if that the wrong ammo. I bought 270 wsm. As each box was around 40 bucks I’m now sitting on 2 boxes of ammo I can’t even use and will have no use for and i obviously can’t return them to cabelas because they have a no return policy on ammo and firearms. Does anyone have any suggestion as to what i should do. I’m a little upset I have wasted 80 bucks on ammo that I can’t even use/return. Would have been nice for the gun guy to point out i was holding the wrong ammo but it’s too late for that!  If anyone has any suggestions please share. I thought about putting them on gun broker but 270 ammo isn’t really selling on there. Thank you all!
gaming, Me personally I dislike when my character doesn’t show their legs and/or shadow in first person. It’s a small detail but adds a feeling of physical form.
gaming, So I recently received a Quest 2 for Christmas. And there is a racing game that I want to try out but it isn’t available for the Quest 2. I have a feeling that it’s possible but I don’t know how to do it.
gaming, We get it. We don’t need a new post for literally every game they’ve ever made for karma… Just list them all here get it out of your system then downvote my post so it also doesn’t clog up feed.
guns, So I recently shot my stock MPR with the wife and she brought up how much concussive blast you felt from it I never really noticed. Then she shot my budys stock M&amp;P 15 and noticed so much less. I was wondering if a linear comp would help a lot or if there are other muzzle devices besides a linear comp that that would be effective enough. His just had a A2 flash hider and not sure how to describe the one on the MPR. Appreciate all suggestions.
gaming, Why have have recent rtss stopped using multiple resources? in age of mythology you could gather wood gold food prayer ect is there a reason they have moved toward have only one or two resources in recent games?
gaming, My favorites gotta be Handsome Jack and honorable mention is Hades from Kid Icarus.
guns, My last name is spelled incorrectly on my DL. Can I still buy a gun?It’s spelled incorrectly because there are two letters that are switched. It’s been happening my whole life because of how my last name is spelled but now the DMV got it wrong.
gaming, I knew the day would come when my go to gaming name would be a problemSo I was playing Madden 22 (free from Prime gaming) and I entered the name I’ve always used for all of my characters in games. My very own nickname that I’ve had for literal decades: Magaloo. Madden flagged it and said I couldn’t use it because it contained inappropriate language. In case you haven’t already figured it out they wouldn’t accept it because it contained M*** (the first 4 letters of my Reddit user name which apparently automatically gets my post removed from r/gaming).As I mentioned my nickname is very old way older than M***. It’s not related to politics in any kind of way. For background it came from my friend from school making fun of a teacher who always slurred his words together and he was saying my given name (Matthew) and it came out Magaloo. It just stuck as a nickname.I don’t want to give up my gaming name I’ve used for so long on multiple platforms but I also don’t want people who see my name to draw political conclusions and assume things about me. Has anyone had a similar experience where you thought about changing your name/were forced to change your name because of possible misunderstandings?
gaming, I have a PS4 and a PC and trying to figure out a system for what platform to get Multiplats on. I don’t want to limit it to just exclusives because my PS4 is in the living room and pc in office and want a good amount on both. What types of games seem better fitted on a couch with a controller in and open space and which ones seem better in a secluded area with mouse and keyboard?
guns, Can I legally download the files for the Fgc-9 in New York? I know I cant make it but I want a box in my room that says in case of tyrannical government open.
gaming, Or am I just exaggerating the similarities here? I finally got around to playing DXHR for the first time and the whole ending scene gave me flashbacks - only to discover that ME3 was released the year after DXHR. I liked DXHR - even though it kinda had a bit of that Metal Gear feel to it.
gaming, Your newest update and game fucked my ps4.You still havent had someone pick it up like they were supposed too. Even Purolator is like wtf? Annnnnd now Im out 80 bucks cause yall dont have live agents to chat with 💁‍♀️Thanks; Sony! (NOT)
gaming, Im trying to get my Laptop to good state where I can run Marvel Heroes when it finally comes out and I truthfully dont know anything about computer gaming. So any suggestions would be helpful bear in mind Im on a bit of a budget. Edit: Since the general agreement here is that rebuilding a laptop would be a waste of time. Lets talk good-decent PCs.
gaming, i played Diablo 2 back in the days it was lovely. I didnt play diablo 3 because i waited for the reviews and the in game AH with real money purchases got me to never play the game. So i sat here waiting patiently for the new Diablo which would surely be for the gamers by a company that has always provided a great gaming experience for millions of players.   And here we are im sitting here with my new Huawei P20 pro.. just starting at it imagining playing an upcoming Diablo game on it. Touching it with my fingers... grasping the phone... sighing loudly as i could never imagine my self playing a fast paced hack and slash game with these freaking touch controllers. May i ask you? Did you ever try playing diablo with a touchpad?... was it fun?... did it raise your love for the game?...  im happy that you did this tho this was MY (I dont play other blizzard games i was only waiting for diablo) last hope for this company.. i will no longer sit there and wait for a new release from the famous company Blizzard.   Best regards // Duck  PS. i hope the eastern market will find this game amazing.
gaming, It feels like everyone I talk to has a consensus that gen2 games were the best. Id be very curious to know the opinion of someone who has played through the games side by side and can compare them without the lens of nostalgia.Do the older games still hold up? Whats better/worse? Spicy takes welcome.
guns, I may or may not have purchased a Colt SAA because of RDR2... but I need a holster so I can carry this on BBQ days. What are some good holster/saddlery companies?
gaming, Im looking for something new to play and both these games look promising. Do I need to play the first divinity?
gaming, I literally cannot find a free printable box art for my pre -owned captain toad for the switch and everyone is selling them for about $9 over the internet. Is this some scam  people take the covers out of the pre owned games just to re sell them….
guns, I have a friend from New York who is a college student in Dallas. He does not have a Texas state-issued ID. However he lives in a crime ridden area. Is it legal for him to possess/purchase a firearm in Texas? Aside from being an out of state resident I have no question as to the legality of the scenario
guns, Is it possible to fit a cylinder rated for .357 Magnum onto a revolver chambered in .38 Special? And would that cylinder be able to run .357 without destroying the gun?
gaming, I preordered BF4 for the PC and played it for a while but like most people I switch between games. I switched to non EA games and went to console for a while. I even game back to EA for Titan Fall. My issue with them is that I accidentally created another account to put Titan Fall on. This account was different than the one BF4 was on. Totally my fault. I didnt care I kept playing tittyfall for a while and eventually moved on. Well fast forward about a year since I have played BF4 and I decide that I want to play. None of my log in credentials work for my main account. I check my college email (that I no longer use) and find that the email address has changed on my account(in July of 2014). So I call up support. I provide them with all of my account info including my secondary account information. I also provide them with the product key for BF4 which was on the main account. I told the support person if needed I could even provide credit card and purchase receipt from Amazon. The support guy told me who ever hacked my account went and deleted the whole thing. Well shit Im fine losing the account what ever so I lose some progress. He put me on hold to talk to his manager. While on hold the call disconnected and I never got a call back despite them initiating the call in the first place. I had to check my email and go to their site to do a ticket update I was in no way informed of the status of my case.Well it turns out they cant even honor my product key to put it on my secondary account. Im pretty apalled that despite the fact I can clearly prove ownership of the account and the game I am unable to put said game on an active account (with a much stronger password). /endrant.TL;DR: Have a strong password and dont expect anything from EA.
guns, I recently got a Aero precision lower and their lower parts kit and started putting it all together. Everything seemed to be great until I got to the mag release button. It binds when pressed. I have experimented with turning it one full revolution and pressing it again until I couldnt tighten it any more and got the same results. I have heard nothing but good things about Aero and was just wondering if anyone else have this issue? And if so how you fixed it? My first thoughts are 1 just buy new mag releases from different manufacturers till one works 2 file the receiver a little and or lever just to get some of those sharp new edges off. 3 send it back to Aero. Love to hear what you all think.
gaming, No judging. Im genuinely curious.
gaming, It isn’t even the big teeth walruses or how every child looks like they’re going to murder you in your sleep with their dead eyed goblin faces. No the scariest thing is goddamned Lydia. First off FUCK Lydia. She makes no sound and sneaks up behind you all the time like Uncle Mike when he hears you finally turned 18. I’m in vr too so I’ll be getting some quest to go to some random dungeon to find this dudes lost wife amulet or whatever and then turn around and OH HI LYDIA DIDN’T NOTICE YOU THERE YOU’RE SLOW AS SHIT WHEN I GO ACROSS THE MOUNTAIN BUT APPARENTLY WHEN IT’S TIME TO SCARE THE FUCK OUT OF ME YOU TURN INTO JAMES FUCKING BOND. “I am sworn to carry your burdens” you’re sworn to take my foot to your face you ignorant ninja fuckface I hope you get crushed by 347 pounds of cheese. Anyway other than that amazing game I killed 3 dragons became thane a werewolf shouted a group of bandits off a cliff and then walked into a table and immediately died 10/10 would play again
gaming, Because I am. It seems that the days of people with thick skin who come into a game ready to play to win and take criticism to improve are gone. Every game is full of report-happy thinskins who absolutely suck at even the most basic things and are incapable of learning from their screwups. Competition is being killed by crybabies and the game developers that facilitate their badness to preserve their feelings.   Id pay large sums of cash for a good competitive multiplayer game that doesnt cater to baddies and casuals. But I know ill never see such a game again.
gaming, Hey - Ive started writing a text adventure game to show my kids how computer games were when I was a kid (got to love the Spectrum). The coding is going well but I am having a mind blank on the content.I want to include as many iconic and authentic references as possible so that it is super epic.It will obviously start with: You awake to find yourself in a dark room.What are your favourite lines from text adventure games?
guns, As we all know that there was an extremely tragic event that has resulted in the death of  58 people.Please contain discussions on this topic to this and the political threads.  ----To the Regulars here at /r/guns:  I humbly ask that you all show a bit of understanding with new people joining us.  While there are significantly higher levels of trolling going on I ask that the usual troll response be dialed back to use of the tools available and not telling people what hole to put things in.  People are confused upset worried and undereducated on the topic of guns.  Use this time to both educate and illuminate new visitors to our corner of the internet.----To the new folks here at /r/guns:Be it your first visit or a return please keep in mind that /r/guns has several what you may think of as heavy handed rules.  Along with a userbase in /r/guns/new that can be a bit rabid after the first 20 or so WHAT GUN CONTROL DO YOU SUPPORT questions.  Here we place the majority of our political discourse threads in tri-weekly threads please feel free to use them.  Because yes your question about political things or gun control things will get you a quick boot out the door.  There are rules for a reason and this is no exception.This thread is ALSO a great place to put forth your questions to the members here or you can contribute in other ways or in other threads about the topic that it is about.  We may not seem like the most welcoming bunch and thick skin may be required however once you get past that we tend to actually be a pretty discoursive bunch.---As always keep this thread or any conversation regarding it limited to FACTUAL INFORMATION.Sort set to NEW.
guns, Hey yall I was wondering if youre able to buy the colt single action under the age of 21. In my state hand guns usually are sold to those 21 or older but I was wondering if it is under the same guide lines due to the antique firearms act.
gaming, So I’m currently using an iMac Late 2013 to do all my stuff on right now(gaming work etc). I was thinking of getting a better device to game on but i’m not totally sure. I am currently using GeForce Now to play games like Rainbow Six and Destiny 2. Is it better to just get a whole new gaming pc or just upgrade the mac with a few parts?
gaming, The website does a horrible job communicating the differences in chairs. I got one for BMI &lt;30 and my height but when I assembled it I realized it is incredibly uncomfortable and not at all what I was expecting. Sadly DXRACER has easily the worst and most anti-consumer returns policy I have ever heard of so to return this chair I would have to pay 20% restocking plus the shipping fees to send the chair back. Including the shipping fees I paid to have the chair shipped here and will have to pay to get a new chair shipped here I will be out 250$ in fees.TLDR: DXRACER has a very predatory returns policy so make sure you sit in a DXRACER chair before you buy it or go with a competitor that has a better return policy.
gaming, When I say simple games I mean games with primitive graphic and simple rules and maybe even without any  plot. You need lots of fantasy to have epic experience with such games.  Usually game developers try to make their games realistic but in this case you have to use only your imagination to make game breathtaking.As for me I have had it with 2d game a-la wars of viruses(sorry I cant remember exactly the name of the game).There is one big game field made of cells. There are two types of cells: infected cells and uninfected cells. Uninfected cells are defenceless but infected ones can be a big trouble because you need to overcome defence of theirs master-virus in order to take over them. There can be only one so every virus tries its best to take over all cells of all viruses.I strongly prefered to attack defenceless uninfected cell at the beginning. Meanwhile all AI viruses prefered to fight with each other rather than to conquer healthy cells. But after some time I faced with lack of uninfected cells thus I had to attack infected cells in order to continue my expansion. My virus was the biggest one but he was weak because he was untrained to fight with other viruses. So I prefered to attack weak enemies. For example if I saw two viruses fighting with each other then I attacked forcing the weakest one to fight against two enemies at the same time. Another example: If I was attacked by powerful virus then I prefered to compensate my losses by attacking against weaker opponent rather than counter-attacking the aggressor.After all only two viruses survived: my virus and other virus which I nicknamed the Rat Lion. Let me to explain the origin of his nickname because it perfectly fits his personality: Lets imagine you are the captain of a ship and you want to get rid of rats but you dont have any predator to hunt them. You order sailors to catch alive about 15 rats and put them down into a barrel. After some time they will have to attack and eat each other in order to survive. At the end the only one rat will survive the strongest and the most bloodthirsty one. You let it go and it will hunt other rats down because it get used to eat rat meat. Sailors call this rat Rat Lion.We were two opposites like fire and water darkness and light(by the way this outcome perfectly fits real life biology because survival of two species with completely different strategies of survival is much more likely than survival of two species with similar survival strategies). Enormous cowardly weak and back-stabbing virus versus compact straightforward furious and extremely strong the Rat Lion. It was the most epic battle I have ever had. I won but it was difficult like hell.
gaming, I just bought a used game from Gamestop as an intended gift for someone. I noticed that my receipt said: Any product purchased between 10/5/2014 and 12/24/2014 may be returned with receipt by 1/15/2015. Product must be in resale condition. Package for new product must be unopened.Will Gamestop really honor a return of a used game after Christmas (well beyond the standard 7 day return policy on used games)? Anyone have experience with this?
guns, I recently received a SF UE07 switch to put on my Mini ScoutLight Pro. According yo SF’s spec sheets the UE07 should fit just fine as a tail cap. They even recommend it as an accessory. I cannot get the UE07 to properly install after removing the standard Thumb Switch. Has anyone had the same issue / does anyone have the same set up WITHOUT issues?
guns, Hey y’allGot the shield with a crimson laser integrated into the handle and I’m just not a fan. The profile is too big to easily conceal. I was wondering if any y’all know where I could find a lower for my shield if possible. Seems as though the entire grip was made with the intention of incorporating the infrared red dot so I’m looking  for just a normal handle/grip for it now.Thanks in advance!
gaming, Hi guys I finally scored a PS5 and while Im pretty happy for it I find myself immediately worrying abt the limited storage space. I know I can find many kinds of internal SSDs on Amazon and such though I dont know whether its an add-on or you just replace the original one but I was wondering: do external SSDs work as well? And if so can I find some models which can guarantee appropriate performances?Thansk to anyone wholl weigh in!
guns, I went into a gun store just to look around until I saw an AR-15 trigger tester. Ive been in the market for a new trigger for my AR-15 so I thought hey why not Im looking for a trigger and I wanna see what the difference is. I walked up to it grabbed it reset the hammer pulled the trigger then... SHATTER. My dumbass had the hammer too damn close to the glass and didnt think Im not too close right? I ended up shattering the glass pane and I apologized so damn much. Employees came up looked at it and said aw man its alright accidents happen but that didnt cut it for me. I tried to pay for my fuck up but they said that it was cool and that it was cheap glass anyways (glass case was only housing accessories). I felt embarrassed ashamed and annoyed at myself because I shouldve known better. Ended up just walking ashamed until I found gen 5 Glock mags for $20 and bought two which made me a little happier.&amp;#x200B;TLDR: I ended up shattering a glass pane with an AR-15 trigger tester...
gaming, Personally I wanna both try the new wow expansion as well as having some interest in getting into competetive pokemon now that the new games are out but holy crap the amount of effort it takes to get into something youre not 100% familiar with is so overwhelming despite the fact that I would probably enjoy them once I get the hang of em. Its sooooo much easier to just go and play another match of league of legends like I have been doing for 10 years no need to strain my brain it is all muscle memory at this point. Anyone else feel like they suffer similarly with this?
guns, So I’m in the market for a FAL I see uppers and lowers for sale I see things like L1A1 and imbel metric and inch.I know none of what this means.Can I put an upper on a lower relatively easily? Or is it better to find a whole rifle. I’ve checked online and it makes my brain hurt trying to comprehend it all.
guns, Recently my dad bought a new Glock 43 so for Christmas he is getting a pair of Trijicon night sights (his preferred brand) in his stocking. I thought I would draw up and 3D print a sight pusher to go with them but I dont know the dimensions of the slide. I would greatly appreciate if anybody here has a 43 and could measure the width and height of the slide.Edit: no longer necessary a kind member on /r/gunnitrust broke out the calipers for me.
guns, Im itching to play a few rounds of trap once my new shotgun arrives but it is cold here in Colorado especially early in the AM. Im tall with a lanky build so I dont exactly generate much heat. Other than eat more twinkies are there any legitimate cold-weather solutions for hunting/trap to keep my body and extremities warm when Im barely moving? Once my hands get cold dexterity goes down the shitter and I cant shoot right. thanks
gaming, Is it just me or does it seem like Ubisofts For Honor is ripping off that steam game Pirates Vikings and Knights II apparently Ubisofts version is supposed to have multiple variants of each class (like PVK II). Get this though the classes in For Honor are knights vikings and samurai (two out of three? Hmmm..). You guys think Im just finding yet another reason to bash Ubi or think I have good reason behind this assumption?
gaming, Boring!I played WDL for over 17 hours and I’m totally bored with it. All of the enemy bases are practically identical and I can complete most missions with spider bots or hacking. I believe they spent too much time with “play as anyone” and not on story or core game mechanics.
gaming, Is it me or did black ops 2 graphics look better than this?  Advanced warfare looks a little cartoony on ps3 to me.  Yes I know the idea is to get us to move up to ps4 (which Im considering now) but Im a bit disappointed in these graphics.  Ive seen much better on ps3.Edit: to be clear I still love the game.  The initial start to the game last night just caught me off guard.  Maybe my expectations were high.
gaming, From what Ive been thinking while in the shower:1. Nintendo2. Rockstar3. Ubisoft4. CD Projekt Red5. BethesdaYours?
gaming, Hes going through a bit of a bad time atm and seeing that I cant do anything with him in person I was thinking about playing with him online but he has an old PC.   Any recomendations?
guns, Hey guysSo my new-to-me Stoeger has a couple wear marks/patches along the right barrel and a scratch or two as well. I’m thinking of going over it with some BW Casey Super Blue or Perma Blue but this is new territory for me. Can I just touch up a few spots or do I need to strip the bluing and start over? I don’t know how idiot proof it is and this is the kind of thing I don’t want to mess up. Anybody try this before and have experience? Advice?
gaming, It seems certain games I cant get them to work like until dawn rush of blood for example but it works fine for others like paranormal activity or rec room. Can anyone help? Im not sure if maybe those ones just arent compatible for it or something
guns, I’m thinking about getting a 629 soon and just started thinking that I know nothing about 44 special. I know it’s a short 44 magnum but what is it comparable to in terms of power? Sort of like 38 special and 9mm are similar but 9mm is a little stronger. Does anyone know? Thanks
gaming, Hi Reddit So I’m using an alt account for this as it concerns a secret for my SO’s birthday and he also Reddits. I think I heard that they had released a Sid Meyers civilization game for the ps3 if not something really similar. I guess my question is- would I be able to buy the ps3 copy for my SO and have it work on a PS4?? Apologize if this is a dumb question but I know next to nothing about video games or this kind of thing. So I want to make sure that if I get him a game it’s playable.
gaming, Pretty busy these days so unfortunately Im more of a casual gamer than I would like. Could you lovely people please recommend some medieval team/city management games with a more passive element. Been playing a lot of fallout shelter if that gives an idea of what Im looking for. A sort of Ill send people off and check back later sort of game. TIA
gaming, For me it’s the sound effect that plays when you resurface for air in Banjo-Kazooie.
gaming, Do any of the older gamers recall the game Karate Champ? I spent years as a child putting endless quarters in the game and was wondering if there was an android equivalent to the game. If so can I get a link? Thanks!
gaming, After the 1.5 update it said that some data got damaged and I have to reinstall the game. After reinstalling nothing changed. Can anyone help me?
guns, Currently have three rifles: Ruger American in 7mm-08 1987 Ruger M77 in 7MM Rem Mag and Weatherby Vanguard in 6.5 CM The Weatherby is here to stay but I am looking to sell the Rugers and consolidate them into a Tikka T3x. Question is what caliber would be a good compliment to the 6.5 CM I am keeping? I am leaning toward 30-06 or 7MM Rem Mag. Leaning 30-06 due to ammo availability and to a lesser extent barrel life. Other factor is I have about 100 rounds of 7MM-08 rem ammo and 60 rounds of 7MM Rem Mag. I’m unsure how easy or hard it is to sell ammo. Thoughts recommendations?
gaming, Hey all! Really at a loss here... Between FIFA 23 &amp; eFootball 2023 we cant seem to find a mode to simply play a match of 4 people on seperate consoles vs coms choosing a country to play as and a country to play against match time match weather all that normal stuff. Theres this Volta mode modes online against other people online etc. But are there any good soccer games new or old that you guys KNOW has online 4 player PvE goodness? Any help greatly appreciated!
gaming, Im trying to get into The kerbal Space Program. and fail horribly so I was wondering if there is a subreddit for Ksp? one that gives advice rocket designs maybe evem stories of the trips people make?
gaming, Already grew up with the SNES and OG PlayStation. First console I owned myself was the PS2 then the GameBoy micro. What about you?
guns, The mag release is reallllly easy to activate when slinging the rifle around in the woods.&amp;#x200B;RIP lost magazine.
guns, After considering all conceal carry options I have decided on a Glock 26. But I am having trouble deciding on Gen 4 or Gen 5. I am 5ft 3 so my hands are small-ish and the finger grooves in Gen 4 seem very appealing to me for extra bite in the grip. Especially since the pinky might be hanging off the gun. I might get a pinky extension but not sure yet. I know the Gen 5 has many good improvements but I feel the Gen 4 has already has a track record of dependability worthy of me carrying for self defense.Even though I am leaning towards Gen 4 I still have not made the purchase yet. I’m not considering anything other than a G26 right now. I have already researched and shot many options such as M&amp;P Shield 2.0 P365 G43.Are there really any major benefits over the Gen 4 from the Gen 5? I am also considering XS Big Dots with Tritium. Haven’t decided on a holster yet though but I definitely want one with a “claw” that helps to conceal the handle better.Thanks for your input!
guns, Ok so if youre asking my dumbass on my opinions on guns Id think there are a lot of benifits to having a top loading drum rather than a bottom loaded stick like for example a top loading weapon is significantly easier to use while prone rather than a stick magazine this also applies to the width of the magazine a drum magazine mounted on top also doesnt have the issue many top feeders have where they cannot center their sights as a drum could be thin enough to reasonably put sights on the centerline and it also doesnt have the same issues with space that a side loader or stick magazine top loader has.Overall I think there is at least a good amount of reasons to do some further looking into a DP-27 style layout of guns rather than just going for the most common configuration. IDK maybe Im stupid Im not an expert.
gaming, Hello I am trying to find a game my brother played that I would always watch as a kid. Ive asked him multiple times but he doesnt seem to recall. Sorry for not having much information to go off before I start this but this is what I remember. It was on  the ps2  somewhere between 2002-2005Not sure when exactly I was between 5 and 8 though.As far the gameplay and graphics go though i can only distinctly remember one level. And that was one he often farmed at. This was inside a large creature the floors and background were fleshy and pulsating often making odd noises as he walked about there were also ladders and such inside the creature. The characters were  sprites similar to something like Grandia. I believe the combat was also turn based tactics. Sorry I didnt have more information but this is all I can remember.  I remember being drawn in by him playing and always wanting to try myself but was never able to. Now as an adult I own all the playstations and am trying to find the games I remember from my childhood. Thank you in advance to anyone that trys to find anything I truly appreciate it.
guns, So Im adapting an AK to use a mil-spec stock. My dad just got a Zhukov stock for his AK to replace some 2008 tapco 5 point stock he had. I thought maybe I could use the buffer tube. I went to measure it with my measuring calipers and it came out to be 1.31 or exactly 1 and 5/16ths inches. Obviously I cannot use this tube but Im pretty confused about this measurement. I thought tapco produced both mil-spec and commercial sized tubes at 1.148 and 1.168 inches respectively. Ive never heard of 1.31. Any words of enlightenment behind that size?
gaming, Ive been wanting to play a new game recently and Im very indecisive on what to pick up. Mostly looking for something in the style of a final fantasy game not so much as a party system but level up item progression etc. A good story also makes a game for me.
guns, Hello all I am posting here because I need help acquiring information on family firearms. My grandfather had old weapons that were meant for me.My grandmother passed away after my grandfather meaning she had possession of the estate in the final months of her life she was talked into selling them to an unknown 3rd party. My aunt who brought this person into the mix refuses to disclose their identity or even ask if they want to sell them. I want to know if there is anywhere I can look to see if the weapons appear on sold or transferred lists or anything else that could be of help to me. I live in NJ and have a FID card and can provide more information if needed. Thanks everyone.
guns, Not the most avid of shooters in fact this is the only gun I have. I got this gun for self defense and already put about 200rds of FMJ .380 auto at the range.Impressions:The thing is tiny and it has a lot of kick to it. Disassembly and reassembly showed there is some build quality issues as there is wiggle room between the slide and polymer frame. The barrel isnt centered in the slide and points slightly downward in comparison to the LOS of the slide. It is in fact a $200 gun. It does have a decent barrel and an ok trigger housing from what I can tell.Shooting:It is difficult to hold and the heavy DAO trigger means it is very difficult to fire sequential shots. For pocket carry the heavy trigger pull is a relief but for shooting groups it is very difficult to shoot groups for an already very tiny gun. However dont expect to get sights on target when carrying this pistol as it is a pocket pistol and likely will be shot at assailants that are very close or have already gained some kind of physical contact.I was able to shoot precisely on the first few shots from 7m out but accuracy is all over the place. Due to the size of the gun a significant amount of energy is transferred back towards the shooter meaning that it is extremely difficult to maintain sight on target at 7+m out.Cleaning:Disassembling and cleaning the gun is very easy and very quick. However gun powder gets all over the place inside the polymer frame and a full disassembly cleaning and oiling of the trigger chassis is required every few range visits.Would I buy knowing this?Likely not. I would likely have saved up the $200 for a nicer .380 carry like a Sig or Kimber or just sprung for a 9mm SC like the M&amp;P 9mm Walter PPS MQ Glock G26/G43 etc... However a pocket carry .380 is not about showing a nice gun.  Although now that I have this gun I love having around and as a possible last ditch carry. Note that it does require significant practice at the range otherwise you are likely better off just trying to hit your assailant with it or throwing it at them. It is extremely difficult to shoot well.edit: However if I was budget constrained and needed a pistol for self defense NOW I would likely get this and spend the difference on ammo for range practice and training. But if I had time to save more and had to choose I would get a 9mm SC instead.
gaming, My girlfriend just purchased a MAC I have an XBOX ONE. What would be come cross-compatible games we could play together.
guns, Based on my reading it doesnt seem theres so much as a benefit of single-action or double-action but rather a trade-off.**Single-action**Pros: Fires and cocks the gun for firing in rapid succession. Short trigger increases accuracy.Cons: Gun has to be manually cocked initially. If you need it in a pinch this is an extra step to get your first shot. Otherwise you have to keep one in the chamber at all times risky if the gun has no external safety.**Double-action**Pros: Trigger pull both cocks and fires the gun. No initial manual cocking required.Cons: Longer trigger pull may negatively affect accuracy.Is my assessment on-point or does anyone else feel the need to add to it?
gaming, For those who have purchased from LvLGo.com how long did it take to get the code via email? I’m trying to catch the last day of the Xbox Ultimate for $1 promo.
gaming, So I just watched a few youtube videos about how the PS1 Classic is basically crap and that everyone is quite upset over it. I never owned a PS1 myself so the idea of getting one didnt even appear on my radar but I did get my mother a NES Classic as she was a huge Mario Bros fan when i was a kid as well as one of the Sega classic systems by AT@Games and based on my own playing of the system when i visit the sound drivers are HORRIBLE as well as just having a overall extremely limited library of games. How is it at around 2015 or so whenever these systems were starting to be built and sold did hardware//software engineers become utterly stupid. If I load up a sega genesis for instance I can expect the sounds to be solid across all systems of that type. If I load up Steams Sega Mega Drive and Genesis Classic Games I also can expect the games to sound accurate to the original hardware they were built on. This is also true to fan made emulators and roms so how is it that in the infinite wisdom of all that has been released previously does the AT@Games Sega Classic system get it so utterly wrong. And outside of the NES Classics rather paltry limited library I really cant complain to much about that system in negative light with the execption of the god awful systems main emulator User interface and appearance. Its almost as if the developers decided to give themselves the same poor graphical limitations that the NES had back in the day and with prob one of the poorest pallet choices ever.While I am nitpicking with some of these points at the same time why cant they just make a slightly larger system with a hard drive and a complete library for 200 dollars while also providing players and fans with an excellent and fancy looking Loading menu screen to display said library. The Steam Sega library has done it in a way I wish actual fan made emulators did. Id love to be able to create box art loading points for each rom I ever had especially for some of those Rom Hacks that changed the game in fun ways. Anyone else feel like we are getting cheap knockoffs from over seas instead of the product we all know they are able to create.
gaming, Big fan of the series also play COD and just wanted a fun multiplayer game. Was wondering what youre guys thoughts are for those who play it or should I just wait until the new games come out later this year?
gaming, Worst to Best.  I dont think any of these games are “bad” all of them are fun and enjoyable to me.  So the “worst” doesn’t mean I dislike the game.  This is excluding From Softwares games as well.  This is strictly souls like games from other devs/companies.  I need to play Thymesia and Steel RisingRank yours!!!9. Lords of the Fallen (Too short cool art and armor design clunky but fun serviceable bosses but kinda iffy level design)8. Code Vein (Dope customization and cool anime feel variety somewhat has a story weird iffy level design)7. Mortal Shell (Solid overall game but short great level design unique “shell” system)6. The Surge (Great Soulslike awesome mech souls concept badass limb severing system)5. Remnant From the Ashes (Souls but with guns)4. Nioh (Great samurai combat Team Ninja is 🔥 good level design decent bosses and loot fest)3. The Surge 2 (a step up from the first improving the mechanics great game)2. Hellpoint (The best exploration secrets and hidden paths galore mysterious and wonder/awe of the infinite beyond)1. Nioh 2 ( Improves on everything from the first literally everything)
gaming, Hello! Im just curious because I know for some its nostalgia. Personally the more metroidvania style stuff I didnt get into but now Im interested. For younger redditors with no or limited experience with that type of gaming do you like it? Is it excited and interesting to you?
guns, My dealer has a nice condition m1917 in the shop. It’s all matching from what I can tell and the stock is good.  He wants 640 for it and says that he is selling it at cost (makes me nervous). What are the going prices for these things these days?
gaming, Its depressing we arent seeing a real KOTOR 3. Yeah I know SWTOR but sorry that isnt it. I want a single player focused open world go to several planets RPG set in the Star Wars universe. It is the whole reason I fell in love with with Star Wars. In my humble opinion the story in KOTOR 1 trumps the story in the movies.I am getting older and the probability for an open world RPG with a great story set in the Star Wars universe like KOTOR is growing smaller every day. EA doing what they did with Battlefront have just depressed me more.I dont know sorry folks. No idea if someone will even read this. But this game meant so much to me back in the day and all I have left now is pathetic nostalgia. I dont usually post here. But I am sad today sad that I dont have a real Star Wars game to look forward to. This universe is too interesting to be done with already in gaming in my humble opinion. Such a game could easily rake in as much money as a Rockstar title if it were to be done right and given a proper developer and time.So I fail to understand. Literally every other franchise is spitting out open world RPG style games these days besides Star Wars. Why isnt this happening? Is Star Wars as a gaming franchise dying?
gaming, So I’ve been wanting to tackle something for years now but I’ve put it off every single time I think about doing it. And what I’m speaking about is a Artorias The Abysswalker Cosplay. I’ve never done a cosplay before so I already know how difficult this will be. I’m pretty handy with woad and foam work though so I feel like I’m at some advantage. But it’s very limited in what all I can do.What I’m truly asking for is help on what materials would be best for each piece (Specifically the sword) as I want to be as authentic in looks as I can but also durability and function. The sword will be the most time consuming piece and also the main piece as I still need to slim down a tad for the armor!So if anybody has any ideas on what materials would be best to make the sword durable enough to be slapped on my shoulder but also light enough to swing your help would be appreciated!
gaming, Ive been scrolling steam for hours and nothing interests me I really enjoy minecraft but every now and then i get bored and quit it for a while until i eventually find it amazing again I usually play racing games but I have played them all haha. I dont know what to do guys what are some good addicting games out there yall cant get enough of because i cant find a good game i like anymore and its killing me.&amp;#x200B;Edit: I dont like FPS games I should have said that before sorry.Edit 2: Thank you all for helping out a fellow gamer. I have a big list of new games to check out now :)
gaming, For those of you Canadians who already have DOOM would you say the $80 is warranted for the purchase or should I wait for a sale/price drop? I rarely buy games at first launch any more because I just cant justify the $80 for pretty much any game (I think maybe just Uncharted 4 and Fallout 4 are the two games Ive spent that kind of money on in the past little while) So ya DOOM? Worth the $80? Or should I wait until I can get it closer to around $60?
guns, Treated myself to a 1911 for Christmas and immediately went to change out the grips. I messed up the alignment on one of the screws and couldn’t get it to sit correctly so I tried to back it out but by that time it was so fucked the entire bushing came out from the frame. Spent the last hour trying to get the damn screw out but it feels like pulling Excalibur from the stone at this point.Now I’m not sure what to do. Did I ruin the threads on the frame somehow? Do I buy new bushings and screws and replace everything since they come in 4packs only? Appreciate the help
guns, In the market and wanted feedback on which one to purchase between the two and why.Thanks in advance!
gaming, Just rewatched the trailer for the heck of it and realized that at the end it said 2022… Most likely gonna get delayed but even so the fact that we haven’t heard of a delay thus far is positive. That’s it that’s the post.
guns, As the title states Im looking to build an AR pistol. I have an extra unused lower receiver. It is multi cal. Ive built a AR15 with the same type lower. Doing some research Im thinking about building my pistol as .300 BLK. My question is can I do that with a standard AR15 lower or do I need a different type?
gaming, Especially a multiplayer game
gaming, Bethesda marketing executive confirms Android port is coming on 15 August  He continued “Havent announced a date but should be out next month. Well let you know when we have specifics. This means that Fallout Shelter could be available for Android devices as early as August 2015.So what exactly is Fallout Shelter? In a nutshell it’s a mobile game that gives you complete control over your very own Vault and the citizens that reside in it. The aim of the game is to create the best vault you can to keep your Dwellers happy fed and protected from the dangers of the outside world in this post-apocalyptic adventure.
guns, Fell into a YouTube rabbit hole where this dude keeps shooting shit with elephant guns when he shows “familiar ammo” (5.56 7.62 30-06) then when he shows the elephant rifle ammo (458 500 nitro express) why is it the elephant rifle rounds are rounded on the tip or is that just the type of ammo he ended up buying?
guns, Obviously R700s are everywhere but does anyone have any experience with the little brother the Model Seven? I was browsing expensive lightweight mountain rifles and it occurred to me Model Seven is less than 7 pounds. Think it would serve as a mountain weapon?
gaming, HiCan I get a for recommendation a metroidvania on PC(i have already played Hollow Knight the Ori games and Rain World)Edit:- I am gonna play Salt and Sanctuary but still interested in more recommendation
gaming, And if so can I have two friends in a living room playing?
gaming, So when I got my PS5 a few weeks ago I created a new PSN account because my previous one was using a school email I no longer have access to. Is it possible to log into my epic games account from this new psn? That way I’m not losing all of my skins and whatnot?
gaming, Hello I am the found of Whitesun Studios. We used to be mod devs for game like: Oblivion Skyrim Fallout Minecraft ect.  Now want to expand to Youtube and Twitch.  If you want to make videos or livestream for us please fill out the form below and email it to WhitesunStudios@live.comName:Age:Skype:YouTube or Twitch:Why you want to join us:Misc info:
gaming, I have stick drift for a while on my series x controller( wire powerA xbox series x controller) and I notice it only drifts if I connect my headphones in it.  Is both the headset wire and outlet thats mess up?
gaming, In the recent steam sale i bought them both. Which one should i play first?
gaming, Please excuse my lack of knowledge about gaming but I have issues with the IOS gaming supply. We all have favorite games that we have on our phone when we’re bored or have extra time in the day to actually enjoy the game. Unfortunately I haven’t come across games that I REALLY like. Let me clarify. SURVIVAL GAMES!! Everything is the exact same; zombies mutants bandits ect. Why doesn’t anyone ever make PVE games that doesn’t have an enemy? I would die for a game that is hard for the simple fact that it’s real. I haven’t come across anything that is strictly animals weather and your own good/ bad decisions that decide your fate. Think “Subsistence” from the Pc gaming community. I would love a game like that. Now I’m not ignorant to the fact that a phone can’t compete to a PS4/5 or a good gaming set up but for the love of god can we get some diversity in the games!! They’re literally ALL the same and they’re frankly boring.
gaming, Ive been playing gc on the ps2 slim recently and i have a 1 challenge mode save that went black screen when I was going to the next planet after Todano. I restarded the PS2 and tried to load the save the screen freezes. I copied the save to another memory card didnt work same problem... I tried loading another save in the same memory card same problem... I tried creating a new game in a new slot same problem. Before I copied the save to the other mem card I tried loading a saved game it had in it that worked! Please help I dont wanna have to start over...
guns, Hi all I’m looking to get my first shotgun and these are the two I’m choosing between. A second-hand 870  for $600 CAD and a new SXP for $540 CAD.Both are 28” barrel. Intended uses: upland birds ducks.I’ll be honest: I love the idea of owning an 870. It’s so iconic and I love the reputation of something that can get used as a canoe paddle duck gun and a hammer (half joking but I gather they’re very robust firearms and are still popular after 70 years because of that quality).Meanwhile the SXP looks to be identical performance-wise and has a faster action. It lacks the mythos but it just seems like a good all-around shotgun.Thoughts greatly appreciated.
guns, Im looking to purchase another firearm and Ive been wanting to get a Glock 19 due to the larger size (currently have p365) or build an AR9. I wont be carrying the Glock 19 just want something to take to the range. Also I just built an AR-15 and enjoyed the process so that is the reason for the AR9 and it would be nice to take to the range as well. What are your thoughts? I feel like for a few hundred dollars more I could build an AR9  instead of a G19. What are your thoughts?
gaming, I’ve been wanting to get back into gaming again recently since I think it would be a good sober hobby for me. Only problem is that my Mac doesn’t support any of the games I like anymore. I’ve thought about getting a switch- I think the portable aspect is cool although it’s not something I need. I really just want a console for my room. I like Nintendo games but I’m not sure if I’d be interested in playing many of the games available for the switch. I love Mario as much as the next person but Nintendo consoles and systems are the only ones I’ve ever used and I think I’d like to play some less casual games. Xbox has more games I think I would be interested in but it’s a whole lot more expensive. A series X is $500!!!! Even with a payment plan that would still be like two years of paying off a console. I’m wondering if I really need to spend that much when this is still a new (albeit rediscovered) hobby. I know buying used is an option I’ve heard that the Xbox One consoles aren’t well regarded though. I should add that I’m interested in the SteamDeck but I don’t know if buying something so new would be worth it in terms of playability and quality.Currently leaning more towards the Xbox but still considering the Switch. If anyone has advice about my first world problems it would be much appreciated lol
gaming, Context - Friend just uninstalled Steam. Ensuing conversation with other friend.Baalam: Well damnBaalam: Poor (friend) took that hard hahhaBalandrian: Yeah...Balandrian: Its like a lover has just left him.Balandrian: I guess in a way it has.Baalam: Hmm I think his lover will always be there never taunting him never pushing him in any particular direction never interacting with him. Simply always there waiting for his attention to wander back to her.Balandrian: Poetic.Baalam: I think I might post that on Reddit....Balandrian: r/gaming?Baalam: Yeah...that is a good place.
gaming, when u think about it often you play hiding for 15-20mins if that is your tactic a popular one to..wait for the player count to drop whilst you search for better gear.Then when circle shrinks you get a firefight or 2 and die...so you played 20-25mins and had 1 firefight maybe killed no one maybe had 4 fights and killed 5 people got top 5 place..In 25mins you coulda had a huge round on bf1 and got 30 kills or so...
guns, Im looking to acquire another .308 rifle and I think this time Im going with an AR-10. This time I want to take advantage of the ability to swap out uppers and I dont have a .308 bolt gun yet either. I figured the best way to knock out two birds with one stone would be to also acquire a bolt action upper in .308 but options seem to be slim. Does anyone here know of any?
gaming, When I first heard they were making a FFXV I cringed. After FFXIII happened I had lost all hope for the Final Fantasy series. Until I actually sat down and played the FFIII series and fell in love with it. And then the more information trailers and images they released the more interested in FFXV I became. Eventually I was actually really excited about it! I followed all the social media updates looked up all the information that I could watched every trailer and waited patiently for the new ones. And then years went by the updates stopped no new news surfaced and all hope was lost.And then they just kind of came back only this time they changed things. They changed many many things... WHO THE HELL IS LUNAFREYA?! AND WHERE IS STELLAAAAAA?? I was actually looking forward to the seeing Stella in the game! In pretty much every FF game the main antagonist is some giant evil demon-lord thing with ultra-super powers and the girl the show in the promotions is the secondary character and love interest of the main protagonist. However this time the only antagonist that was revealed was a tiny blonde girl with a sword and moderately-awesome powers. I thought Hey this is a nice change. Stella actually seems pretty cool. And I LOVED the fact that they kind of set it up to seem like Stella and Noctis were friends or possible lovers who were forced to fight against one another. I was pumped! ..and then she was gone. And LunaFreya some Stella-look-a-like with the ability to talk to gods had appeared. And of course shes a protagonist most likely the love interest of our beloved ~~Sasuke Uchiha~~ Noctis. 17 pushed-back release dates two hundred game changes and twenty years later and I am no longer excited. I no longer want the game. The excitement and the curiosity has all died. It died with time. It died with age. It died with Stella....and it died when they announced a FFVII remake.  SO what I wanna know is is there anybody out there who is still looking forward to the relase of this game? Or are the majority of you as bored as I am?
gaming, I know this post has probably been made multiple times but I sit here still dumbfounded to not come up with an answer on why gaming just sucks. Why back in 2014-2015 we had great games being pumped out now but 4-5 years straight now games are now straight dog shit. I will say when cyberpunk came out it was a refreshing game regardless of the bugs it felt different it felt new. I think games are just taking too long to be released and once its released and we finish them then whats next? Its just not the same...
gaming, i recently reached floor 9 in guilty gear strive and havent touched the ranked online experience sincei wonder if it happens to other people too.
gaming, I was thinking the Tritton Premier
gaming, Birthdays today and gotta make the decision of new dawn of rdr2 Ive played far cry 5 and really enjoyed it sane with read dead.
gaming, So I know I have the game on my computer as I have played is sans disc before back in 2006. I have a relatively old like 2004ish Sony vaio. So far Iv been able to find a file using search that is under Microsoft games that reads Age of Empires II with a folder for campaigns and scenarios but I am not able to find the game its self to open and play!! Help me please!! Any advice is welcome !
guns, Almost the other way around. Casually mentioned to an old friend that we should go shooting next time hes in town. Hes never been. I get a text Saturday evening short story: hes in town tomorrow is his birthday neighbor of the guy hes crashing with has a range... wanna shoot? [duh] Another mutual friend came along had maybe *ever* shot a gun. We did the Four Rules and started making noise. Gave some basic pointers on stance grip sight pic trigger control but mostly let them have at it. A couple of 12-gauges box of clays some 9s and a .45 two steel targets and plinking fodder. (I brought a few other guns but on such short notice couldnt find 44 Special 10mm 45-70 on a Sunday.) Super fun everyone crushed the safety aspect. They both had fun I met a fellow gun nut (*cough* with a private range!) and it was a delightful Fall day.I dare say I enjoyed watching a couple of noobs shoot my guns more than I did shooting them myself to a degree. Honored to have had the opportunity. I doubt theyll run out and vote (R) but they at least got a good taste of freedom to stow in the back of their minds.Cheers.
gaming, The reason Im asking this question is that I read this sentiment so often and completely disagree with it.Having played multiple Dark Souls games and soulslikes I always find the first playthrough to be the worst every time.The first attempt at completing a Soulslike is usually a slog to get through: lots of confusion frustration and getting stuck. I always feel unprepared and think I am doing stuff wrong.Subsequent playthroughs are where I really start to enjoy the game and feel like I know what Im doing. Its like entering a state of flow and all the gameplay mechanics just click. Also its just awesome to find all of the hidden content you missed during your first playthrough.How do you guys feel about this? Do you enjoy your first playthrough of a Soulslike the most? Do you even do multiple playthroughs? Or maybe do you have some tips on how to make the first playthrough of a Soulslike more enjoyable?
gaming, Im about 1/3 of the way through AC: Revelations and Ive realized that the Dens and taking out Den captains is incredibly hard (at least for me it is). So my question is why are they so much harder than the Borgia towers in Brotherhood? Also can I complete the main story without doing any of the Den stuff? Im honestly only playing the game because its short and it wraps up the Ezio/Altair storyline. Im not too concerned about doing side quest stuff in this game especially since I spent WAY too much time in Brotherhood rebuilding Rome only to realize that it wasnt really necessary (I mean you dont even get a trophy for it? Come on.)Any help would be greatly appreciated!
gaming, Ive never played before..was wondering if I should experince it on a playstation like the original or just play pc. I would like a few opinions.
guns, Hey All Im trying to decide on a better system to tote my gear in when I go to the range. At the moment Im always either bringing the kitchen sink or go with a minimalist approach and end up kicking myself because I left something at home. So if you have a system that works for you be it a range box or bag it would be cool to see what you use.
guns, Ive got a deal lined up for a really good condition Ruger No. 1 in 300 Win Mag. 750$ for that and about 60 rounds of ammo. Some minor dings on the wood and a small bit of wear near the safety but the bore is good. My question is will the sporter sized barrel be an issue for a 300 Win Mag cartridge or should it still be pretty accurate?
gaming, Ive not been a big gamer for many years now but managed to pick up a Playstation 4 last week and was stoked.Loaded up all the games I had managed to get through PS+ and had some fun then went looking in the store (both brick and online) for some of the cool games Id heard about.What the heck happened to gaming? I cant just buy a game I first have to spend an hour researching what the difference between the standard game the gold edition the goty edition the whatever else edition. Im scared to buy anything in case I get the wrong edition which precludes me from playing with other players or miss out on content x.What happened to just buying a game and being done? Anyone got a cheat sheet for this shit?Right now Im looking at the store and can see:5 different versions of GTA V3 of Star Wars Battlefront4 for FIFA 17I swear there was about 6+ of the division last weekHelp!
gaming, You do have a voice and you taking the time to either upvote a comment or a post criticizing EA or down voting an asshole on Reddit giving us a bullshit answer youre making a difference or writing an article or making a video talking about how us consumers are being treated. Anything that makes this bullshit heard and get the word out in the media will do something. Every company cares about their shareholders and if our cry is heard loud enough theyre going to have to listen to us or lose share value. The future of gaming isnt looking so good if practices like loot boxes and locked content are going to continue which it looks like several other companies are following the trend.
gaming, What if they added a new character and a new expansion. We all want bl3 but if its not ready why dont they add something to bl2 to hype us up. Or remaster bl1. With all the changes happening at gearbox with claptraps voice actor leaving the head writing quitting due to illness why not give us a new vault hunter and a new area to play around in something that will tie into bl3 maybe.
gaming, All I wanted to do was play some MC via the Xbox app and they think the only game I have is solitaire 💀
gaming, A lot of people complaining about the $60 price tag but for some reason the following games are acceptable purchases at this same price:  - Assassins Creed- Call of Duty- Battlefield- FIFA- Destiny (actually costs $140)  These games get churned out AT LEAST once per year with a different skin slapped on and has expensive paid dlc for maps weapons and aesthetics and nobody bats an eye.  But as soon as an indie team makes a brand new game that theyve been working on for 3+ years  with a near infinite universe and promises of free dlc to continue to improve the game endlessly $60 is suddenly too much?    If you started saving when this game was first announced it would have cost you $1.66 per month.    The price point argument is absolutely absurd.
gaming, This is inspired by a friend who played street fighter by binding his axis controls to the mouse. So move mouse up = jump. Move mouse left = back. Move mouse down = crouch. punch + kick buttons are all on the peripheral  mouse keys so theoretically he can play with one hand and he often does.This guy mains Juri and has been consistently taking top spots in local tournaments. Only guy who brings a mouse into a hitbox fight.Anyway...There was around 2 months when my left arm was out of commission and I was trying find a way to play League of Legends. So I bound a bunch of keys to a pair of rudder pedals and I was literally stomping the ground to fire off skillshots. Stuck with me after my arm healed and now I cant imagine playing serious league without pedals.
guns, Does anyone know of a slide that directly fits a holosun 509t without adapter plate. I want to avoid waiting a month to get my slide milled locally This is for a glock 17
gaming, I avoided Hollow Knight because I had already played Shovel Knight and was disappointed. This was a mistake. Hollow Knight is like a very dark Super Metroid.
gaming, So basically i want to get a new game in the xbox s store came across Rust and Watch dogs legions. Always played survival games but dont have anyone to play with on the xbox and only played WD 1 and 2 . Help me out please!
guns, So to start out.. this is gun related but im really just here for opinions in a situation. I have a questionable video of my husband trying out his new flash light I got him that attaches to his guns. In the video im pretty sure i caught him pretending to shoot my dogs and I. Am I allowed to share here and get others opinions? I really just want to make sure Im not over reacting.
gaming, Edit 2: its I of the dragon thanks everybodyIm *Not* looking for Dragon Commander. Its an awesome game but not it. Edit: not TK:A not Drakengard&amp;#x200B;It was like an rts I think? Or an rpg with rts elements maybe? Maybe it had nothing to do with rts at all actually - I just remember that it was top down and what I vaguely remember of the interface feels very rts-like. Next either the mc was a dragon or you had a pet dragon whatever but basically in every mission you controlled the dragon as your main unit and did most/all stuff with it. I think its somewhere from 2000s or maybe very early 2010.
gaming, Am I the only one that cant replay a game? I see people all the time talking about replay value and playing a game 3 or 4 times and I just...cant. I play it once and done. If I try to play it again I NEVER beat it twice. I get bored and just quit and go find something Ive never played. Hell its hard for me to stick with one game for long enough to beat it ONCE let alone play it twice. Ive yet to beat The Witcher 3 even though I like the game and Ive tried about 6 times and I always quit. Ive probably finished maybe 5 games in the last decade. Skyrim. Vampyr. Horizon: Zero Dawn. The Last of Us. Doom. But Ive probably played around 150. I have 100 games alone just on Steam. Anyone else have this problem?But I find it kind of ironic that in MMOs I never make more than 1 character. Ive never been a altaholic.
guns, Im looking for a first sub gun and Im really open to discussion on what your guy’s personal favorites are &amp; the reasons you enjoy them!something to note is I am a huge fan of the classics like the sp5/clones alike same w the ump 45 Vector p90 mac 10 uzi tec-9 ect... so any of these suggestions are already a possible decision just because I like them but id love to hear about some that I don’t know as much about or that may be similar to any of these in their own ways. ive also checked out the CZ scorpion as its prices pretty nicely im not price shopping or anything as I know an sp5 would be loved even at its price point but I would love to find some cheaper options too like the scorpion just to make it more of a spectrum thank you in advance!
gaming, I know I’m late to the party on this one but I simply must complain somewhere as I am deeply disappointed.So my father and I used to play the old Tiger Woods games back in the day. It was our only common ground as hobbies go. Recently I got thinking “hey I wonder if EA still makes those.” To my surprise I found their latest PGA tour release. Rory McIlroy’s Tour. So I immediately call my dad “hey imma get this you wanna play like old times?” So I did without looking at reviews.Some knobhead at EA (they all are) went; “right I’m gonna take this fishhook gut EVERYTHING and just make it look pretty.”And so they did. When your game from 2005 has so much detail that you can edit your teeth for Christ sake and you end up with character creation in 2014-16 that ends at a couple of preset options well it’s a bit flabbergasting.Most of the courses bit the dust as well. Only 8 at launch and a couple added later. No St. Andrews no Augusta and who can make a serious golf game omitting Pebble Beach but add Parcel Storm from fucking Battlefield 4? Mind boggling.On top of this there is no challenge. The game holds your hand through everything. First game. Just trying it out I went -50 on Sawgrass. NEGATIVE FIFTY.To add insult to injury Today I bought Mario Golf for the freakin 3DS and had an infinitely better time. I swear it even had more meaningful content.Anyway that’s my 2am rant finished.
gaming, DS3 tracks are on top of my spotify playlist and i listen to them basically daily. Ive only listened to the main menu music for Elden Ring and it definitely feels more main theme and more flat than DS3. Mostly because (in case you didnt know) DS3 wasnt meant to have a main menu song that song was meant to be the final boss music which at the time was Sulyvahn. I have faith in Yuka Kitamura lets hope she keeps reaching new hights.
gaming, Anticipation for #Cyberpunk2077 rises:█████████▒▒ 80%On the 11th of December you can watch Cyberpunk 2077 in VR on my Youtube channel. 6 videos need to be stitched together via Adobe to provide you with a great VR experience. Take a look! It´s going to be great!
gaming, Basically I want to start a new pokemon save but I dont want to lose all my data on my first save. Is there anyway I can save my original pokemon data to an SD card then restore it when I want to play it again?I have a 3DS with Pokemon Soul Silver
gaming, I enjoy MMORPGs and I want to play a game for a while while waiting for new games to release. also I play on PC
gaming, My gf is trying to remember the name of this games.Here is what she remembers:It was a pc gameIt was from the 90s or early 2000sThe cover has a guy that may be wearing a pinstripe suit.The premise of the game may be that he was a young millionaire. Its not hit man or leisure suit Larry! Please help our brains are failing us!
guns, Is there a downside? It won’t be a CCW gun so holster clearance won’t be an issue. I prefer the non threaded look but think I may want a suppressor someday for shooting in the woods. Can you buy a factory threaded barrel to swap in later? If so are you taking any chances with diminished accuracy by replacing a barrel?
gaming, I have money to get one game. Im deciding between COD Overwatch GTA Rainbow 6 or another game. Im looking for a non-serious game that I can mess around and have fun with. What is the best game for that?
guns, So I feel the itch for a proper 1911 my Citadel 1911 is fun but I want a proper range gun.  I was hoping you guys could help me with pricing.  Someone near me is selling a .45 ACP custom carry in stainless asking $1400. They claim to have shot about 5000 rounds I don’t see any real damage or significant wear in photos.  Problem is they idiot scratched the frame and there’s a few other small blemishes.  I’m in California so the used market is literally nonexistent but I don’t wanna spend more than $1000.  What do you guys think?  Thanks in advance.
gaming, Im very bored and dont know what games to play.
gaming, I remember playing with my brother about 20 years ago a car battle game. Neither of us can remember the name of the game.There was a black limo that had machine guns. A van causing tremors and another one releasing bees or something like that. The point of the game was to destroy other cars. Like in a free for all scenario. We played it on PS 1 if we remember correctly.Any elder knowing the title?
gaming, Downloaded the Friend Pass version cause I was suppose to play with a friend and then he never ended up getting the game :( wondering if anyone would invite me to play with them?
gaming, I got the email with the code and it says to just follow the prompts in game but I didn’t get any? What are they? How can I find them? Help is appreciated!
guns, Worst teams of the week editionJets! Bears! Panthers! Ravens! Texans! Chiefs!
gaming, Or is there another subreddit where I should direct this post?
gaming, Ive really enjoyed those two games and was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for games that are similar? Id prefer something for the PS4 but PC would be alright too. So far Journey looks like it might satisfy the craving but Ive never played it so Im not sure. Thanks!
gaming, I had Nintendo when I was little. But Ive had Xbox since the 360. Ive never had PlayStation. Ive researched it and I  learned that ps4 is way more popular than Xbox one. Why is that?  PS games dont even look that good. They also lack backwards compatibility and a good rewards program. Xbox has backwards compatibility with Xbox 360 and og Xbox games Microsoft rewards which is an awesome way to get free games and accessories games like halo and gears which are the both the best games Ive ever played and most important Xbox game pass which is the best service. I dont understand the PlayStation hype. Someone please explain.
gaming, Annoying request I know is there any kind of cable or any way I could do this? Appreciate any help!
gaming, In games like Overwatch I tend to pick healer quite a lot as taking a life is something I dont have the courage to do.  I tried playing pubg to overcome this fear played for around 50 hours and had very few kills as I try my best to avoid encounters theres been some occasions where I had clear chance to eliminate passing by players I would just iron sight point my rifle at them and let them pass by without firing a shot.  I enjoy fps games minus taking a life part it feels too intense for me despite knowing they will respawn and its just a game.  What are some decent games that can be enjoyed by players like me?
gaming, I’m building a pc and want to know some good pc games. Have any suggestions?
gaming, Boyfriend and I are looking for something to play together ideally cooperative and story-driven. We recently played Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls and really enjoyed those. Im not an experienced gamer so simple/easy controls are better. Any suggestions?
gaming, So the first racing game I ever got was Forza Motorsport 7. It was an impulse buy I loved cars but never tried games on them. It was the best purchase I ever made except for Horizon 4 which I have an unholy obsession with. But I want to try more. Ive played DiRT 4 before and it was really fun. Im planning to get the rest of the Forza franchise in the future but I wanna try something new! I especially love rally racing so thats what Im going for but any games otherwise (NFS F1 etc.) Ill try too. Any suggestions and why?Edit: thanks for the suggestions! I like the balance between sim games and arcade type games hopefully I can get some of these soon :D
gaming, I just want a fun game to play on my Xbox 1 and fly around places. What would be even better is online dog fights against noobs.
gaming, Kinda like Red dead 2
gaming, I’m 45 minutes in I have very little clue what’s going on and barely anything interesting has happened. I know it’s supposed to be a long game but it’s getting kind of ridiculous.
guns, Im buying a gun soon and Im looking to drive nails from a distance. Id like some advice on comparing them other than the obvious personal preference
gaming, I really liked terraria and minecraft and dumped hindreds of hours into both do you guys have any recommendations for open world games in the same vein as those?
gaming, It’s been a chore finding rock band 4 instruments and it’s looking like my only options are going to be pretty pricey. Which leads me to wonder: Is it worth it? If it’s this hard for me to find them it makes me feel like the online player base might be weak. I don’t wanna drop all this money to wait an hour to start an online match. Anyone know how it is?
guns, So between a new gun and an on sale holosun red dot Im looking to save some money if possible. Are any of these light/laser combos on aliexpress worth the money? I bought a cheapo $18 light on Amazon recently that had a cree led that can keep up with my $80 Fenix light so I figure same might be true for gun lights as well.Theres an inforce clone on there and a few of the streamlight designs and a bunch of others as well. Has anyone tried these out before?
gaming, I really enjoy Wii Sports Resort: Island Flyover and I wanted to know if there were any other games like it. I know that theres PilotWings but I want something on the PC. If there is any game out there like this I would love to know. Thanks in advance!
gaming, Hi allAs somebody who was not yet born how big was the upgrade between the PlayStation 1 &amp; PlayStation 2 and what was your reaction when you first played it? Cheers!
guns, &amp;#x200B;I have a FN 509 Tactical with a threaded barrel and so Ive considered adding a compensator.However  any that Ive seen include locktite or rocksett for installation. Im  uncertain about this because on the FN 509 tactical (and I assume other  similar guns) you need to remove the thread cover/compensator ]to remove  the barrel for disassembly and cleaning. Seems to be problematic if its attached with adhesive.Would it be possible to add a compensator and not use adhesive so that it may be easily removed for disassembly?
guns, Aesthetically I prefer older guns. I also like the history behind them. But if a ‘modern’ gun is functionally superior and more practical how do you justify not purchasing it instead?For context I’m outside the US. Part of me would like a P14 for the aesthetic and history. The other part would like something like a Tikka if it’s more practical. Practically I can only get one.
guns, I went to the shop today the hellkitty is 600 and the glock 43x is 550. It my first gun I’m going to buy since i moved to Texas i want it to be a nice one.  I want to get my conceal carry soon so that might help me pick one.
guns, So since I have a Mk11 Mod 0 clone coming and Ive decided to finish my Mk13 Mod 1 clone (as soon as I find a McMillan A2 Adjustable stock) Ive decided to look into clip-on night vision and thermal imagers.Ive found the Armasight by FLIR lines which seem reasonably priced at around $4000 per clip on. I know FLIR very well but Im curious if Armasight by FLIR is actually FLIR and if the quality of their lines is worth dropping the money on.
gaming, Anyone else think this? I always want the camera angle higher it drives me crazy sometimes. The camera always seems to be directly behind and you gotta always be moving it up constantly to get a better view of where youre going or what youre doing.Edit: This post was inspired by Elden Ring for reference
gaming, Can anyone recommend a good online multiplayer golf game? I remember back in the day Tiger Woods had solid online matchmaking modes. Is there something similar these days?
gaming, I am looking for a new racing game formula one or stock car that has a deep career mode. I enjoy playing single player where I start from humble beginnings and work my way through the ranks like the Dirt to Daytona PS2 game back in the day. Anyone have any suggestions?
gaming, What are the best and/or biggest esports events/venues to go to in real life?
guns, What does the process look like? Is it something that a guy with some tools and time on his hands can do? What sort of tooling / knowledge is needed and what did the process look like for those of you who have done it?
guns, I’m a female and i have a Glock 19 already and wanted another gun but smaller. I saw the Glock 42 but the clerk was trying to convince me not to get it basically is it a bad gun ?
guns, Picked this MDX 556 with a 8.5” barrel and eotech site.  This is “”possibly”” the most fun toy that I’ve got in the safe.
guns, Recently picked up an MP Shield (first ever gun purchase) and am curious about all the different 9mm ammo options.  Heres a few questions:  1) What makes a good bullet?  2) Why should I buy a certain brand over the cheapest option?  3) Where can I find the best deals to buy in bulk?  Thanks so much for taking the time to read.  I really appreciate how welcoming this community is and how helpful you guys were in helping me select my first gun.
guns, Its needed to mount onto a 11 mm dovetail
gaming, The whiny people who dont like always-online wont be using those games us people with internet connections can enjoy these games without all that noise.
gaming, I played Breath of the Wild for the first time last night on a friends switch and I had so much fun. I havent had that much fun playing a game in forever. I need some suggestions for (preferably similar) games on PS4 to tide me over until I can get a switch. Thanks all!
gaming, Like title says. (Gamestop only)
gaming, My girlfriend is the kind of person who always wants to be the best. That may sound rather bad like this but it doesn’t affect how she is with people. It much more affects how she thinks of herself. She’s constantly demotivated because she wants to do everything perfectly. I got her down the high train a bit to a point where she realized that at least in school she doesn’t always have to be the best which in the past extremely impacted her. Now she told me she wants to experience a game in a way again where she can’t be the best or the fastest or anything like that. She’s playing a lot of rocket league lately which is like the exact opposite of that. Also it probably doesn’t help her that she only started playing and I’ve got 700h on the clock because she compares herself to me and others who played the game a lot more.I suggested Skyrim (which is kind of like her favorite game) and she said “I want to get 100%.” I also suggested Minecraft (which I recently bought her and she does actually enjoy it it’s just the situation with corona and the stress society puts on us that makes her feel so bad) but there she told me she wanted to do everything as fast as possible (“I know myself...”)Now I’m on the lookout for a game which doesn’t have any real objective or an objective you can’t be the best or the fastest in. Preferably free on steam and with multiplayer (coop) but can go up to about 8€ in price (what I have on my steam account). I would really appreciate any help because the pandemic really impacts us and our emotional states.TL;DR:Need help finding a relaxing game without an objective which can be speedrun. And also in which you shouldn’t be able to be “the best in” for my gf.Edit:Forgot to mention that I suggested stardew valley she’s interested but we haven’t had the chance to try it yet.
gaming, so I bought battlefield 1 sometime in the winter played it enjoyed it done. fortunately I didnt buy all the DLC individually otherwise Id be pretty POd (I hear yall). my question: if I buy B1:R now and start playing it is it like Im starting a new game or does all my previously saved content integrate with the new game?
gaming, First I’m going to preface this with my political leaning I am a right-leaning Constitutionalist. This is important because I think my views represent a large portion of the people who are upset with Battlefield V DICE and EA at the moment. This is also important because people seem to assume that if you are any more right leaning than the most leftist leftist then you’re a bigoted sexist transphobe homophobe Islamaphobe capitalist scumbag.Now I’m going to draw some parallels between Battlefield V and Cyberpunk 2077. Both games are highly anticipated both are first-person with at least *some* shooter thrown in both have had some controversy surrounding them for the past couple of days/weeks and both are AAA games. When the BFV reveal trailer came out it was met with derision from many fans. Some said that it looked like a CoD-Micheal Bay Explosionfest some said it looked goofy with the Kratos lookalike and the British samurai but the majority of people were upset about the cyborg woman character. The cyborg woman in question was seen doing badass shit such as: shooting people stabbing people and saving people. The backlash was immediately met with more backlash calling the people upset about the trailer sexist misogynistic bigots who hate women. That generated more backlash and then it devolved into petty name-calling with moderators banning any who disagreed with their stance.When the Cyberpunk 2077 gameplay trailer came out as of now the biggest complaint is that of a small minority who want it to be third-person. Everyone else seems fine with it. The biggest controversy came from a harmless “Did you just assume their gender?” joke tweeted out by the official Cyberpunk Twitter account. People called the devs transphobic and assumed that the game would pander to “right-wing Nazi bigot trolls” never mind the fact that the game will both sexes and and the ability to express whatever gender you please. The trailer featured a cyborg woman doing badass shit such as: shooting people stabbing people driving cars and making deals. Nobody cared half of the people I personally know say “Damn the female version of V is fucking badass. She sounds so cool. I’m gonna customize her and role-play as Ciri from the Witcher.”I guess that what I’m trying to say is that gamers normally don’t care about whether or not you have a hole or a pole as long as you like the game they like and are moderately competent they’ll be cool with you. Of course that’s not counting the trolls who swear at you or make sexist remarks once they find out that you’re a woman but trolls will pray on any perceived vulnerability. Whether it be race sex skill level or even your fucking accent if they can think of an insult they will insult you. Just be glad that most gamers are cool. Now you may be asking “But u/CMDR_Kai what does this have to do with BFV and CP2077?” I’ll answer that. People don’t care about who’s in a game as long as it makes sense. I’d be upset about a game where you play as a white Zulu warrior in Africa under Shaka Zulu or a Hawaiian samurai in feudal Japan. A cyborg woman in a WWII game set in the past in Europe makes no sense whatsoever a cyborg woman in a cyberpunk game set in the future in a racially and culturally diverse megacity makes perfect sense.
guns, hello fellow gun enthusiasts. I am interested in learning how guns work and want to design them . Are there any books or tutorials ?
gaming, these days Im hungry for such a game but since I cant play midnight club los angeles and I got bored of street legal racing: redline and gta 5 anymore Im looking for another such a game. any ideas? games either dont have a cockpit view or they dont have traffic in the middle of the race SMH
gaming, Does anyone have the same? In games like Skyrim Baldurs Gate Borderlands or Zelda BotW I play sneaky whenever possible. But when I tried Dishonored Metal Gear Solid and Thief I just couldnt stand that gameplay. For quite some time I wondered why but finally I think I figured it out: its not fun when the game is designed for it. When a game allows multiple playstyles the environment feels more natural. But when its designed for stealth you can immediately see *oh so here is where I climb and go over their heads*. And the gameplay feels rigged.
guns, I recently got my hands on a FEG PA-63. I’m attempting to remove the slide to change out the recoil spring while also changing the hammer spring. It’s been incredibly difficult to try to get the slide to come off of the frame even for others stronger than me. It feels almost as though it’s obstructed even though I have the trigger guard pulled out and resting on the frame as the manual directs. The model I have is the all-black variant chambered in 9x18/9 Makarov. Are there any known issues with the slides on these that I should take a look at before I try to disassemble and modify the gun?
gaming, Really enjoyed walking through this graphical demo scene was wondering if there were any more like it on steam?
guns, I was reading a couple weeks ago and there was a post where an ex military posted a guide to why you should buy a mossberg 590 for home defense. He talked about clearing rooms digging in for defense ballistics etc etc. In that thread someone posted a picture of theirs with the heat shield and wood furniture that looked so slickkk. Does anyone have that thread saved or know which one Im talking about? I want to build that same gun with the same furniture and not sure which model it was etc. Anyone know what Im talking about?
guns, I’m yet to by my first gun and I figured if I’m buying my first gun it may as well be a 22. But even if it wasn’t my first gun and with how expensive ammunition is right now could target practice with a 22 be the same as say a 556? I feel like that is a good way to practice your shot without paying a crap ton of money
gaming, I have heard a lot of people say Splatoon 2 doesnt look to them like a sequel usually people who didnt really get into the first one.I dont understand this as it seems to me to have met every check-point Id expect for a sequel that wasnt flat out going for the Zelda 2 / Fire Emblem Gaiden / Super Mario Bros USA / Xenoblade Chronicles 2 approach.What do you think makes a multiplayer centric shooter feel like a sequel? Doesnt matter if you even have no idea what Splatoon is I just want a guideline to refer to.
gaming, Does anyone remember this game? I had it on the the original Xbox but it is still one of the best strategy games I have ever played. I would gladly pay 50 bucks for a remastered version of this game. The multiplayer would be insane and I think the game mechanics would hold up quite well when compared to todays games.
gaming, Just wanna know all your favourite games. Hidden Gems Indie titles AAA games everything is welcome. Preferrably on PS4 or PC.Just about anything you think everyone should give a try.
gaming, for those who have already tested what do you think please? thank you.
gaming, I’m curious to see what other people have sunk their life into For single player it’s fallout 4 with over 2000 hours [l loved it to death when I first got it] And the online game I’ve played the most is splatoon 2 with over 3000 hours on it
guns, As we all know firearm suppressors have been around for the better part of a century. Through time we’ve seen their efficiency increase greatly. What about the Cold War era mainly ‘50s to ‘80s? What was the suppressor tech like back then and how did it compare to modern tech? For example PBS-1 suppressors for AKM and the use of suppressors in covert ops in Vietnam - how good were they?
guns, Hey guys just a quick question and I wasnt sure if I should post to here or r/legaladvice but I thought you guys would have a good grasp on this. Im in VA for reference. Thanks!
guns, Where’s a good place to look up laws for different states. I’m heading out west in September and wanna bring my gun. And yes I know google but there’s so many bull shit websites out there. Any good ones?
gaming, We all know it will be a long time until we get fallout 5 so I think Bethesda should do what they did with Skyrim and do it for fallout 3 too.
gaming, (Sorry about the title my computer activated caps lock on the title.)  I bought Fallout 2 from GOG.com and I would like to install the Fallout 2 Restoration Project mod. If I try to run it it says: Fallout 2 appears to have been installed in the C:Program Files directory. Installing in this directory under the version of Windows detected on your system can cause many unexpected problems. Please reinstall the game in a different directory (e.g C:Games) and run the Restoration Project installer again. I have Windows 10 and I have no idea on how to reinstall a PC game in a different folder. This is my first PC game. Please help and thank you!EDIT: I forgot to mention that my computer is a Dell Insipiron 15 5000 series.
gaming, Or maybe witcher 3 if you guys recommend it more than ass creed
gaming, So Ive moved to the USA and Im trying to buy BF4 online through Origin. The transaction is cancelled every time. This is probably due to the fact that Im trying to buy the game with a Irish credit card and its picking up the fact that Im in the US. Is there any other way around this? Can I buy the game without using the credit card or Paypal methods..Also does anyone know why this isnt working or has anyone attempted to do the same thing before?
gaming, Ive been thinking about picking up either Civ 5 or Civ 6 but have heard that 6 is bad and 5 has some bad flaws. Which one should I get?
gaming, Probably a good ten years ago I remember playing a very basic puzzle game similar to chips challenge. The game had a mouse(instead of chip) trying to escape these rooms and you had to eliminate a number of obstacles. It had a large pixelated look to the game. I really want to play it again but I can not for the life of me remember what it’s called and I’ve attempted a dozen or so google searches with no luck. Thank you in advance for your help! I’ll try to remember more about it and post here if I’m able.
gaming, I am looking for a new game to play for hours and hours without needing a break and I was wondering if you guys could recommend some for me. I am a big fan of Diablo 3 and Borderlands 2. I am not into MMORPGs like WoW or Strategy games like Civilization!
gaming, This didnt happen today but the issue is just being resolved(ish) today. So I had surgery Friday and am going to be laid up for quite awhile off work for a couple weeks and will be quite bored at home. My significant other asked if there are any games Ive been wanting to play and I mentioned the Witcher3 and Titanfall2. Well she found someone on Craigslist selling a whole bunch of games with W3 and TF2 being two of them she contacted him yesterday and met up and purchased both games for $25 still sealed in shrink wrap thinking they were brand new later last night she goes to give them to me and I open up to find empty cases. I was bummed out and she was furious because she got scammed by this guy. Im kind of an intimidating sounding guy so I call him from my phone since she contacted him with her phone I call him and say he scammed her and we want her money back and the guy says shes dumb and gullible for not checking before the money as exchanged and that this wasnt even his phone and basically told me to get bent. She got ahold of the police department and told them and they said its hard to find someone by a stolen mobile phone number and that they would let us know if anything comes up. Shes feeling down and Im trying to console her saying she couldnt have known. I hate that there are shady people out there. TLDR: had surgery and it sucks wife tried to keep me occupied by getting me new games and got scammed.
guns, Im 17 and about to turn 18.  Ive been looking for an AK and was wondering what to get on my birthday. Preferably under $1K.I was thinking of a C39V2 but I saw a video showing it didnt hold up after 4500 round (though they did torture it) so I thought maybe there is a better one. Any suggestions?And yes Im aware they are trying to ban me from getting one at my age.
gaming, So I played a mage for a little bit and wasnt enjoying it as much as I did in the last two games. So Im changing it up and have decided I wandered to play an elf archer or a qunari two handed warrior. Which is better? Not just based on stats (Im not playing on nightmare first play through) but which fits the story the best. PLEASE NO SPOILERS
gaming, Hello guysI am here today because I  am not that great at making a gaming pc from 0 so thats why I ask for your help ! Can you guys help me to build a beast of a PC ? Just tell me what pieces should I get because I am making it on pieces I have this money 2200 - 2300 pounds all I know is that I want ryzen9 3950x or 3900 and I dont know what I should get next hahaha thanks for your help tho.
gaming, So ...they made a remaster or saints row the third a great game form the PS3 am I the only one begging that they make a remaster pack of war for cybertron and fall of cybertron? With possibly All dlc included and online play?? What you think
guns, I just purchased three AR15 lowers. I intend to use one for a bear creek arsenal bear claw fluted upper. I have a few other AR15s in 223 Wylde but I’m wanting to build something a little different with these. I’m sure you all have some unique builds so I am looking for some ideas.Thanks in advance!
gaming, What if EA owned Valve?
gaming, Ive recently gotten back into old school gaming and tried to boot up my Xbox but no signal will come up. I tried my snes and made sure all the coloured cables go into the right port and then attempted my Xbox again and still no signal. The Xbox is soft modded so the ring is orange if that matters. Please help if you know how to fix this problem because I just picked up Halo and Halo 2
guns, I’m from Texas and might be prescribed medication soon after a visit to the psychiatrist. The problem is I love guns and plan to have my own soon. And I wanted to know if my health record could be a problem?
guns, New to the whole ordering from the CMP and I’m looking for help on how to do it. I’ve read that you have to join a CMP Affliated club but I’m not sure what to do at all. What do I do and who do I go about doing it ?  Any help would be great.
gaming, Has anyone noticed that the protagonist of a single player game or just a regular PVE game most of the time needs to collect fallen ammo from the enemy? Dont get me wrong I dont mind picking off ammo from enemies but I think its rather interesting that the protagonist never packs enough ammo for the battle raid infiltration etc. The funny thing is that he/she never even makes an effort of packing more ammo. I am aware that the protagonist does sometimes gets back up from allies or gets some kind of perk to gain more ammo but again I mentioned MOST OF THE TIME. Some of the stuff I said probably doesnt make sense cause I wrote this at like midnight.
gaming, I have met a person. An adult. Who has never heard of Counter-Strike. Im officially old.
gaming, Can we have a general strike for new games? How often do new premium games come out as absolute trash? Bf 2042 halo infinite and many others. Ive found myself playing old games as of late for many reasons. The storylines the very soul of older games are at least evident and still there. When was the last time a major title was released and it was what was promised? Most modern games I play these days I play just for multilayer. I dont remember the last fps campaign I completed after mw2. Where did they go? It seems to me that the goal for game devs are to make these new games as flashy as possible - good graphics realistic characters/ body movement  stupid godamn lens flares where theyre unnecessary and forget that the point of a game is the story. In game purchases have desolated the want to produce a good story and Im sad for want of one. Hence my call for a general strike for as long as you can muster.
gaming, So I know this is a long shot but hopefully someone else here remembers this game? I think it was around 2007/2008 and it was a side scroller where you could play various animals in the ocean food chain and could move up the food chain by eating certain animals. I remember playing this at elementary school but havent been able to find it since. Do any of you remember this game/know what its called? I would love to find it to help teach my little cousin about the ocean food chain/for nostalgias sake!
gaming, I try to look on Google to see if i can skip the day to night to day and so on. Is there a way to go from day tonight in Bus Driver Simulator? In Career Mode. Can some one tell me how?
gaming, I have an odd question for gamers out there. If this has been asked previously I apologize. I tried searching for answers to this question without getting a clear answer.Anyways I want to become better at the games I currently play by rewatching my matches and breaking down my mistakes. If I was to get a capture card and plug it into my laptop would I be able to run a program like OBS to accomplish this? Any tips on this would be greatly appreciated!
guns, My best friend is a James Bond fan. I thought about surprising him sometime in the future with a Walther PPK; however I cannot afford it. The Bersa Thunder looks very much like a PPK and it is a fraction of the price! For those of you who own or have shot the Thunder how do you like it? How has it treated you so far? What is your experience? Most of the YouTube reviews Ive watched have been positive but there were a couple that said its not the best gun (e.g. the safety/decocker and slide release are stiff and the trigger pull in both SA and DA is not great).
gaming, Best GAMEHello brothers by games :)Which game was your favorite in 2022? most played?Suggest some of them :)
guns, Ive been thinking of getting a Mossberg Maverick 88 for home defense. Ive seen some reviews on it here but they were from 7 years ago. Does anyone have a more recent review? And where I can get one?
gaming, I’m wanting to buy a gaming PC this weekend but I’ve always been a Console gamer so I have no idea what I should be looking for when buying one. Could someone give me some ideas what I should be looking for when I’m looking at some premade ones. (I’m too inexperienced to buy the parts and build it myself)
guns, I’m really into lever action rifles and have wanted a Henry for a long time. I’ve really been wanting to get a Henry big boy chambered in .357 magnum/.38 spl and finally have the money to pick one up. But with ammo shortages being what they are I don’t know what’s easier to find these days .357 magnum/.38 spl or 30-30s. I still like the rifle chambered in .357 magnum a little better because I can shoot two cartridges through it as appose to just the  one I’d be able to put through a 30-30. What is the better option in your minds. And is it still feasible and easy enough to find either of these rounds at an affordable price
guns, Is there anyplace where I can protest in favor of gun rights? I already held up a sign in Union Square in San Francisco and since that worked so well Id like to do it again further north. Anyone wanna party? Ive got a suite downtown.Also: Best pizza Giordanos or Lou Malnatis?
gaming, Serious question; do you guys feel that the $2k fee for dying is too high? Is there some way to avoid it or do I just have to suffer?
gaming, I was playing minecraft java I created a server in aternos as my friend was on homework and the other was inactive I decided to play on my server (I was playing multiplayer perp alone) after a while I created a mine all normal and thats just that I started to leave and I deactivated the viewer but I didnt give it importance later when I went up after mining I saw a nick it seemed strange to me because it didnt say that no one joined and there was no one the first time I just read later I was crafting when I turned around I saw a nick in the mine it said andres later I left today my friend joined and the same thing happened if something happens Ill let you know bye
gaming, Hello since my birthday is coming up soon I have been wondering which computer component I should upgrade? I could get stuff worth up to like 350 bucks so any ideas?* **HDD**= 500GB HDD (like 10 bucks got it used works fine tho)* **SDD**= 480GB SSD (50 bucks new)* **GPU**= GIGABYTE NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 Windforce 3GB (100 bucks used slightly)* **CPU**= Ryzen 5 1600 (85 bucks new)* **RAM**= CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 16GB (45 bucks new)* **MOBO**= MSI A320M-A AM4 AMD PRO Micro-ATX Motherboard (50 bucks new)* **MONITOR**= 144hz Sceptre 24 curved monitor (150 bucks new)* **MOUSE**= Razer Deathadder Elite and Logitech g502* **KEYBOARD**= Corsair k55 and Logitech g512 carbon* **HEADSET**= Razer Kraken(not putting psu or case cause those I 100% dont wanna upgrade those)
gaming, Need help deciding which one to pick up.Usually a PC gamer. Game SC SC2 WoW Elder Scrolls DotA LoL.. things of that sort.The odd Steam indieAny help is appreciatedThanks!
gaming, Looking for rpgs like witcher 3 and skyrim. Please refrain from suggesting 2d platforms  fixed top downed camera or turn based rpgs. No particular preference in graphics or combat but will prefer a good story based singleplayer experience. Please suggest such games if something pops on your mind. Ty
gaming, I never really got why arena shooters died off. Did they fail to find a new audience or do people just prefer slower-paced gameplay or different types like BR?
gaming, i play on Xbox and Im trying to find any game that I can like lead an army or charge into a horde on my own to just mow a through them. Doesnt matter if its lasers axes knives swords my bare hands guns it doesnt matter. like when Madara fought allied shinobi forcesIve played games like Dantes Inferno Arkham Knight Ninja Garden JC3 &amp;JC4. And while the combat in those games is always satisfying i just wish there was more I get like a rush from it but it ends to quickly.
gaming, I got some suggestions in another thread but I figured I’d get more suggestions asking here.
gaming, I just want a game that will consume my life
gaming, But would anyone happen to know the value of a factory-sealed Budokai Tenkaichi 3 for the Wii? Used seems to go for a nice sale value.
guns, So i was wondering if you take out all the parts that make an AK-M automatic (gas system etc.) does it becomelegal / considered a bolt action or so they ban outright because you can technically put that part back in.On that is there a way to make the bolt completely impossible to build back into a Assault rifle without destroying it completely. I know it is doubtful that its legal but i need to know.
gaming, Waiting for the upcoming LBP 3 I have started playing the first two LBPs again but I have no one to play with XD The game of course is more fun with extra people. I dont really know if anyone would be truly interested but I guess I thought I would ask anyway :)
gaming, So I have the post-buy regrets. I have been PC gaming on a Mac for a year now. I couldnt take it any longer so I splurged on a FPS based everything. Can you ell me how bad I messed up (if at all) When I ordered the following:Corsair Vengeance M65 (Mouse)Corsair Vengeance K60 (Keyboard)Corsair Vengeance 1500 Dolby 7.1 USB Gaming HeadsetDigital Storm Vanquish (3rd tier) (PC)ASUS VG248QE (Monitor)Again this was mainly for FPS games and MAYBE one MMO.Thanks
gaming, My computers built in microphone is really bad. I was thinking of buying a microphone since i play counter strike a lot. Should i get a headset or microphone?
gaming, Yeah so what game franchises series collabs you will like to see irrespective or same genre.
guns, Is Federal alluminum 9mm a good in-between of cost and quality? I tend to not like the idea of steel 9mm - is alluminum any better?  Is quality good enough to save some money with or is it still in the realm of steel case?&amp;#x200B;&amp;#x200B;
guns, I’ve had my notifications turned off for awhile because of this. Automod come back! You can blame it all on me!Sort by controversial.
gaming, Hey guys and girls of Reddit. I thought id stop by and tell you a little story.A long time ago a good friend of mine started seeing this guy. They were really young...Well you know what hang on let me give you some context real quick. They grew up together(well actually we both did he was both of our friends) she was head over heels in love him and no body could question the sincerity and devotion they undoubtedly felt for one another.They spent all day with each other. It was innocent. I would know since i was as much of a part of there lives as anyone. We were the three muskateers lol. As we all grew the joy we seemed to be able to bring each other was immeasurable and infinite. Nintendo was his name. Was one righteous dude he moved here to America with his parents back in the 80s i think. Hes a little bit older than me and Sue. Anyhoo I am pretty sure they moved here from Japan if im not mistaken. Even though he was foreign and some of the things he believed as well as some of the things he would do seemed far-fetched to some older people at the time(like me and my friend Sues parents) due to the fact that everything in this great big world was foreign to us as young children we didnt perceive him as different. As a matter of great fact Nintendo was quite an exceptional child as i would come to realize many years later on. We would spend all day playing games that he made up. WONDERFUL games. No like seriously i cannot stress this enough. His imagination was second to none. He would come up with these elaborate stories of princess being taken by giant monsters and youd have to go rescue them and right when you thought you had her it was all like nope shes in another castle! haha fuckin every time he would do that hahaha. He always let me be the main character some funny or colorful character off on a journey to save the girl weird monsters and settings and all these things im assuming were inspired by his previous settings growing up in Japan but who could be certain? ANYWAYSSSS I could tell very early on there was a strong bond forming between me Nintendo and Sue. Nintendo was Sues first kiss. Nintendo was my best bro. But as we got a little bit older everything seemed to be changing. Nintendo abandoned me. I mean we still hung out but our friendship was strained... I mean i could tell it was kinda happening but i wasnt sure you know? I didnt wanna believe it. We still played his games a good bit but not nearly as often as the years before. His priorities changed like most kids once they get into a bigger school and you start growing up. He didnt go to the same school as me and Sue he started going to a private school that was much bigger and prestigious than the school me and Sue attended. I think his parents started expecting a lot more out of him as well. His parents were always kinda uptight to say the least. They would help him make his games...well they would criticize them but never actually played any themselves. They were very affluent and very..snobby..no..pompous is better. They were old money they had their shit together let me tell you. In quite the sharp contrast to Nintendo. I could see the old Nintendo at times but that was buried under this pile of stress that he took with him everywhere and you could tell he was really struggling to fit in at his new school at first. He kept making games though. He never stopped and i have a lot of respect for him for that. You see i always took the quality or type of games he made as a reflection of what he loved and believed in over the years but i could see consistently that he valued one thing over all others; our childhood. As he started getting older his games never really seemed to mature like the rest of us. I think he thought so fondly of the days prior that he was too afraid to step forward into the present. He seemed to re-hash the same stories over and over and over with slight variations on the settings and characters. I never really complained because i worried about him so much i couldnt bring myself to criticism him. He was so satisfied with himself. You could tell he spent a lot of time and effort designing the games. He mastered the grammar and logic of games but never really had much to say. His parents wanted him to repeat what he did when we were younger since those days marked the realization of Nintendo as a powerful and creative body and i think he naively clamored to recreate and re-establish his position not only to please his family but now to appeal to an even bigger market of people at his school. He was stuck in the past. I think it started to drive him crazy.  okright so Nintendo and Sue started dating. I forgot to mention that yet yepp--they started in middle school. She stood by his side which is the exact opposite of what i did. They stuck together all through middle school. I couldnt stand him anymore personally. He was kind of a dick. A douche. A real ham. He started mixing with some real bad people and i think his mom may have even died(sorry i dont know for sure we havent spoken in years).He was getting pretty damn popular a lot of people liked him he would entertain everyone and if he did do anything stupid or bad no one seemed to mind because he comes from such a great family and has built up one hell of a reputation. I stayed friends with Sue and would hear about Nintendos exploits through her. I think she was delusional. No i KNOW she is delusional. This is where things start to get really fucked up. Nintendo stayed a float and even hit somewhat of a stride with some relative success here and there. He still had it and no im not jealous about it. He had always been talented and there is no denying that. Things started to get out of control in high school. That was around the time i first started to notice something was wrong with Sue and Nintendo. He had always been a bit erratic and what not but this is something else all together. By now Nintendos popularity was world renowned the amount of wealth he accumulated from the past 2 decades was immense. His head was growing to gargantuan proportions. I would see him riding around town flaunting his money by spending it frivolously on novelties and gimmicks creating this facade he would use to impress the shallow masses that swooned whenever he spoke. All the money and success from years prior was just being poured into the dumbest shit ever. Drugs booze and women the guy just became a pig. His popularity allowed him to get away with anything because he was NINTENDO and did you know who his parents were?. i couldnt stand the guy. People would admire this facade and provide him with more and more wealth and popularity. He thought he was the shit but he is really on thin ice. I could tell he was really empty on the inside. Covering up his fears with promises that no one really held him to. His name tricks you into thinking that hes more than some douchey asshole with more money than brains because me and Sue remember him when it was just us it breaks my heart it truly does. The amount of pain it brings to me when i see him now is tragic not because i know he is going down hill and that he is going to crash and burn but because i know he deserves it.   Sue stuck with him all these years in fact they are still together. The real reason i hate Nintendo more than anything is because of what hes done to one of the best friends ive ever had. She is in love. She is caught up in this fantasy of who he has been and what he could be. She keeps telling me oh you dont know him like i do he will change he will get better. and night after lonely night she sits at home alone waiting for him to come back while hes out doing god-knows-what. She plays the old games from our childhood and thinks back to the better days. Remembers the days of eating chicken nuggets watching the adventures of Pete &amp; Pete and playing with Nintendo before he became a self-satisfied bloated over-hyped douche bag with no fucking clue as to what hes doing to those who still love him. Damn. I still love the asshole. Thats why im writing about him now. But Sue is trapped. Trapped in her own hopes even though when he does actually come home its the same bullshit day after day the same lies the same let downs over and over she doesnt give up on him. Hes killing her and its killing me. People arent supposed to remain static. They grow inevitably and our love for those around us grow and evolve along with our hopes and beliefs in them. But if you unnaturally cling to the past then those who love you get pulled along by time and strained by your innocent fear of displeasing everyone which is anchoring and paralyzing you. You have nothing to fear but fear itself Nintendo. You need to get clean. You need to drop the shit. Forget about those who love you for your gimmicks you dont want that love thats cheap shallow hooker love Nintendo. You are better than that. We want a comeback. Lets get some control on your life Nintendo some control that actually works as advertised. Lets step into the present lets act our age Nintendo. Its OK that you abused and took for granted the love Sue and me have for you. We know you are still good deep down. Its not all about mass appeal one size fits all gaming. Be yourself stop trying to be what you think people want you to be in an attempt to be cool because nothing is cooler than just being you.    I see a great future for you Nintendo. One that isnt full of lies and let-downs consistently year after year. I see a GRANDDDD FUTURE for you Nintendo. One where playing online isnt completely inconvenient and absurd. One where Mario doesnt clean during the whole game. One where Link doesnt resemble a cartoon character and sail on an empty ocean of thoughtless game design or turn into anything other than more bad ass. A future that we are all waiting for. Christopher Nolan took those played out over-sensationalized depictions of Gotham from Tim Burton and got lucky with the Dark knight! You too could pull a Casino Royale and flip your own franchise around. Here is an idea. Give A shit! For once in a long long time give half a shit pull your head out of your enormous ass and cut the bullshit. Whatever your philosophy is for making your games reverse it and you might actually wind up making something good. Stop beating Sue. She told me you hit her. You justified it with the usual nonsense but i am about to lose it. She told me you put a screen inside of the controller?! What the fuck is wrong with you Nintendo?! She said to me he said it was so when someone comes in the room while your playing and says gtfo the t.v.! you can play on a little screen and everyone is happy but we both broke down a wept like babies when we both instantaneously realized that doesnt make any god damn sense Nintendo. That doesnt ever happen Nintendo...that doesnt happen. Thats a solution to a problem 0% of people have! What planet are you on? 1080p? Thats great. 6 years ago. Ive lost enough sleep over you Nintendo. If you are capable of this im afraid of what you could be in the future. Wii u? Really??... You sick fuck. Sue is going to be staying with me for awhile at least until her bruises heal. P.C. has been talking to her lately. Last month she went on a date with PS3 and while i dont necessarily like him very much either AT LEAST HIS CONTROLLER WORKS!!! Thats a pretty low blow but i dont care! HE HAS GAMES!! Shoot i wouldnt even mind if she went with Xbox even though she doesnt love FPSs that much at least she can rely on them being there for her year after year. Nothing you say even makes sense anymore Nintendo. Call me if you ever get your life back on track. Otherwise Ill see you in hell.
gaming, Good day&amp;#x200B;Out-of-nowhere question but I still wanna ask it.Ive got  a laptop with HD 520 graphics and I want to get Monster Hunter World. I would have to turn down the graphics by quite a bit to play but itll be playable.Do you guys think that is wise or should I just hold out and get a proper PC/console that can play it at max settings?Many thanks in advance.NB: This is not just for this game but for my gaming experience overall. Wait for a new console or just turn down the graphics a bit?
gaming, It only just dawned upon me that the game I have been playing most my life Twinsens Odyssey AKA: Little Big Adventure 2 (LBA2) actually has a very similar style except with a more sci-fi setting while having a lot of fantasy elements. You have the quirky characters light-hearted humor the sometimes dark points in the narrative the diverse kinds of objects/weapons at your disposal that are required to progress etc Its odd that it never got popular. Its available on gog.com for those that really want an incredible gaming experience that puts so many games today to shame. Anyway think hard about what games you have played that closely resemble LOZ (in any of its forms)? It interests me that its so hard to think of games similar to it even though it is such a high-profile critically acclaimed and widely loved franchise.
gaming, I have played several excellent single player games like AC 2 AC Brotherhood AC 4 Watchdogs Portal 1 &amp;2 GTA 4 Far cry 3 etc.I prefer games that dont require grinding and are relatively simple to catch on to (~30 hour game). Since I have a laptop (not a gaming one) Id prefer less demanding games ( before 2014) and relatively easy games in which I need not attempt the same mission 3-4 times. The last time I asked this question a lot of people recommended bioshock however i did not like it.Games that I have considered include:Assassins creed 3Saints row 3Just cause 2Arkham CitySplinter Cell BlacistId appreciate any suggestions as to what SP game I should try out. Thanks.
guns, Just purchased a gun I’ve wanted for a long time (and my first gun) Springfield 1911. Was wondering if anyone had any recommendations for ammo brands or more specifically brands to avoid? Thanks in advance for any advice.
guns, So I have to take a shooting certification exam in order to get my handgun license. It has to be a 10 shots one handed at 25 meters test. And God I suck at it. My hand just shakes too much.Any good tips/tricks to not suck at it?UPDATE:  Thank you so much for your tips they helped a lot. In fact I managed to qualify with a score of 72/100! (Might not be a lot for most people but for a novice shooter like me it feels pretty good!)
guns, My concern aside from the price is how recent is the firearm.In other words some model of a handgun might have a production run spanning many years. And earlier models might have some kinks that have been worked out (either in the gun or in the production line equipment) in later production without changing the model name/number.&amp;#x200B;So its usually almost always better to buy a recent gun than to buy the same exact model that was produced say six years ago.&amp;#x200B;And since its normally not possible to get a serial number and check with the manufacturer there is no way to know what you are getting.&amp;#x200B;One way to estimate it is to see how much turnaround the store has. If you are buying a popular model and you know that the store sells a lot of them then you can be fairly certain that you are getting something that was produced and shipped to the wholesalers recently.&amp;#x200B;Back to my question. I finally decided to stop buying from local shops and try a transfer. And looking around I came across GrabAGun. How are they? Do they have a good reputation? Are their prices good? What do people who buy a lot think about them? (Is there some other/better place to shop?)&amp;#x200B;Im not looking for anything exotic. Just a couple of popular handguns. But I would like to settle down with some store. Thats why Im not going the gundeals route. I want to find a store and shop there long term.
gaming, In light of the new Mandalorian tv show i just had a random thought of a Red dead redemption 2 esc game where you play as a mandalorian bounty hunter(original i know). It would have the style feeling and general gameplay mechanics of red dead 2 exploration resembling that of fallen order obviously with bigger maps side quests and more. I would like story mode to be the priority but there would be a fun online mode where you could customize your armor and there would be different ship designs where your ship would act as a mobile base which you could store weapons and other things but you couldnt pilot it similar to fallen order where it would just take you from planet to planet. side quests could range from a multitude of things from simple bountys to short story arcs. You could make allies throughout your journey. There would be different factions (republic empire bounty hunter guilds.) in story mode you couldnt choose factions but they would be a force in the world. this would be set during resistance vs empire this wouldnt be a huge story point because its been done to death but it would be going on in the background. Preferably in the story mode the mandalorian would be an already established character with his own motivations and story. In online which again would be a secondary priority as this would benefit mostly from a good in depth story mode in online you could customize your own character who could side with different factions in game and could you could make your own guilds/clan in both story and online there different varying grades of armor you could craft and buy made of different materials with varying pros and cons. There would be different gadgets you could obtain craft and buy. Different weapons you could also obtain. You could partner up with fellow bounty hunters(not mandalorians) in order to complete missions. There could be complex wildlife you could add to a bestiary. honestly i have many more ideas i can add and many more specifications but this is already long enough lol but i havent  thought of a title yet so title ideas are appreciated and other gameplay ideas are appreciated i formulated this idea along with a friend of mine who i will just call A for privacy sake sooooo please make this happen!
gaming, I have discovered that I have about $23 in Playstation Dollars and was wanting your opinion on what I should get? I was thinking FireWatch but I have heard that the game is short. Any opinions are helpful. Thanks!
guns, Anyone know a good shell carrier saddle for the mossberg 535? I got some of the velcro stick on ones and am debating on tapping the receiver to attach the nice aluminum pieces or buying a proper pinned saddle but I cant find one for the 535. I already have a rail on top that came with the gun.The velcro keeps letting go when I have anything other than birdshot on the carrier. My 3.5 18 pellet buck falls off the gun after a few shot.Any recommendations? Its a mossy oak gun with neon orange forend and stock from magpul so if the saddle is a funky color there are zero shits given on that front.
gaming, This game has always interested me since I saw the first trailer. It’s on sale for $15.99 right now. Just wanted opinions from people who played it.. is it worth the $15.99?
gaming, When I was in middle school there was this old PC game that I used to play I think it was about some lizard or a kangaroo whos running away from lions by opening gates with different colors. I looked everywhere but I cant find the name
gaming, For context: I track my cars very regularly and I got into sim racing because due to covid-19 there havent been as much driving events in my area lately.I am using a Logitech G29 wheel and playing Dirt 2 (primarily) and asetto Corsa. Ive matched my settings with a few that people recommend online.But Im SO horrible at this! I cant even get the car to stay straight. I cant even qualify in the beginner courses because I constantly go off track. I know I know just get gud. I am wondering how to translate my real life knowledge to the sim. Does anyone have some tips with a similar experience?Please dont be cruel this is an honest question and I just want to learn how to improve.
guns, Sorry for the boring post or if this isn’t allowed. I am in the market for a 9mm (semi) sub machine gun.Budget at the very most is $1300 (I know it’s low) but realistically can’t spend more at the moment. I love the MP5 but it’s more than double what I can shell out. I’ve seen the Sig MPX and think it’s awesome but it is pretty high cost wise as well. I’ve seen the Beretta CX storm but don’t really like the look that much much prefer the look of the mp5 / mpx. Can you guys recommend some solid alternatives in that form factor? I am pretty familiar with the different handgun styles but for a 9mm carbine/sub I am a newb. Thanks
guns, I live and CA and had been looking at purchasing a shotgun.  Form 4473 asks if you are an unlawful user of Marijuana. Since I had a valid marijuana card in the past but now no longer do would I  fail a background check based on having a MMJ card in the past that is no longer valid?&amp;#x200B;Sorry if this isnt the correct forum for this question. Thanks for your help.
gaming, Gents starting a family has caused me to go on a ~10 year sabbatical. The itch has never gone away (insert They have a cream for that joke). Used to constantly play; Halo COD Assassins Creed... FPSs have been mostly my favorites. That being said what console/games do you recommend I use to get back into it?
guns, I am aware that some people dislike having a safety on the Heritage but that doesnt bother me. Regardless of which I get I will stick to .22lr and not switch into .22wmr. I am not really concerned with using it for varmint or home defense.
guns, I own a pistol in Washington state. Its registered and I have a concealed weapon permit. But Im not sure what legal stuff is involved if someone gives me a gun thru inheritance.Also my research seems to show that Im not allowed to mail it or have it mailed. Is the only thing I can do fly down there and get it?
gaming, Im looking to really push my new computer to the test and with the steam sale going on I figured this would be the perfect time. What game could I buy that will really push it to its limits?
guns, Hi quick question. If PSA has my ffl on file do I need to contact my ffl prior to ordering or can I just call them after to let them know its coming in?My ffl is closed until Wednesday and I wanted to order before my gun goes out of stock.
gaming, Im thinking about picking up the humble monthly but Im confused as to how it works...When I google what July has to offer it shows such a games as....Dark souls 2Galactic Civilizations 3Hyper light Etc etc But when I go on the website it shows a countdown which is currently on...23 : 22 : 47 : 00But it says if I buy now then I can get the over games which are NBA 2017 and pillows of eternity. How does this all work? What happens when the clock hits zero? Are NBA and pillows for this month or next month.So confused :)
gaming, The title pretty much sums it up. Your suggestions are appreciated.A co-worker is looking for a game with a focus on driving for her 10-year-old son to play on his Xbox360. Hes very interested in GTA V as he loves the open-world sandbox-style of gameplay. He says that the shooting in GTA can be turned off. Im not sure if thats true but having played all previous GTA titles I know that the subject matter of these games is not appropriate for children regardless.She came to me for help. Problem is Im more of a PC gamer and not very familiar with console titles that might fit the bill. I suggested the Need for Speed franchise but Im not sure if those games are more on rails and wouldnt allow for the go anywhere do anything level of exploration that GTA offers.So I turn to you for help reddit! Does such a game exist?
guns, HowdyWhat really is the amount of scope you want magnification wise when shooting 300 yards and under?I have a 4x12 on a 6.5 grendel ar  but will be moving it to a 7mm-08 bolt gun. I need one to put on it but 300 yards is max realistically. I also need to put one on an ar10 308 with a 16in barrel. It will be main hunting rig max of 250 yards most shots 100 and under. Lots of options out there. I had been buying Nikon scopes but they are no longer making them. Seems like Burris is decent quality vortex is good in the upper tiers athlon has some contenders in a 4x14 ffp Im interested in. Thoughts or suggestions?
guns, So shits and gigs I like to keep my guns in a theme so my military clone ARs get military gear. I wanna slap a light on my A4 clone and M4A1 clone. What lights if any does the USMC use with their rifles?
gaming, Can we remove these? they make an unfair advantage plus some people wanna play casually without mythic. A suggestion: Create a game mode for normal fn but with mythic! I just want to play casually without unfair benefits
gaming, Remember how people said that theres no way a zombie apocalypse is going to happen? Well seems like thats not entirely true.Pokemon GO players could turn into zombies soon.
gaming, It’s time again haha Happy Friday everyone :)
guns, Hey guys idiot here.I shot a 10mm vector semi auto a friend let me use and forgot to put the ear pro i had on my head around my ears.It was at an outdoor range my left ear is most affected with ringing and slight muffleness about 36 hours after the event.  How fucked for life am I?Ive read online it could take weeks for most symptoms to dissappear.
gaming, Its not unknown than in many cases in Action games the Human/oid bosses are the better challenges most of the time stuff like Nelo and Vergil are the better fights in their DMC games the humans and Organization fights in KH are often better than the Heartless or certain Disney bosses Jeanne is the best boss in Bayonetta etc.  Now playing Metal Gear Rising for the first time which so far has a good amount of cool humanoid bosses which is fresh air after playing Bayonetta... I suddenly wondered which Giant Bosses in the genre youd consider on the level of a good Humanoid one?
guns, I was curious about something I had heard second hand. It was that you could use non-chlorinated brake cleaner to clean handguns and rifles. Wondering if there is any validity to the claim or if its all just a bunch of crap. Thanks in advance
gaming, My rig: CPU :Pentium Dual Core E5500 2.8GHzGPU :Radeon HD 6450 v3 Gigabyte OC 1GB EditionOverclocked by: 110 mhzRAM : 2 GB DDR3 400MHz
guns, I’ve been looking to buy an AR9 and I stumbled across the FM-9 by FM Products. It’s priced at $700 which seems really good for an AR9 but I’m hesitant because it doesn’t seem like the FM-9 is very popular. I’m new to ARs and would like to know if this is a good idea or not. Thanks!
gaming, Hi r/gaming. So Im not a very technically minded person but I feel the need to update my gaming system. The option of a Steam box makes the most sense to me because I already own many games on steam (that I cant play because Im on Mac) I have no desire to just have to buy *another* console in 5 years.However a quick googling has just confused me - I dont understand things like RAM or graphics cards or what have you. Im hoping someone can answer some questions for me in laymans terms. 1) If I get a Steam Machine will I be able to run ALL my steam games on it? Regardless of whether theyre Mac or PC compatible? Thats pretty much key ... 2) I basically want to be able to run Arkham Knight and games of its caliber at the highest settings (or close to). But Im not willing to drop more than 6-800-ish. Is that being unreasonable?Thanks in advance for your help.
gaming, What game? What did it come with?
guns, Currently shopping for my first carry gun and for a budget max of $350-400 im on the fence between a ruger LC9s and a Ruger Security 9. I know about a lc9s at a local store that is essentially brand new but is being sold as a used gun so i might get a good deal there but i cannot deny the utility of having the higher capacity and the larger grip of the security 9. Any thoughts from owners of either gun or alternative suggestions?
guns, I am looking for something that I can put in my dresser drawer fits 2 handguns and has a security cable.I tried Viking and RPNB options and either the quality was bad or functionality not reliable.I prefer something with a key override prospect of drilling into the safe with my guns inside to open it scares me.Does anyone have something they can recommend?
guns, Im snooping around for ammo for my new M&amp;P15 and found: 5.56mm 55 Grain FMJ M193 IMI Ammo Made by Israel Military Industries**Im new to the world of guns but trying to do as much research as I can.** From what I understand everything in the name looks good (IMI seems okay?) limited reviews seems happy but the description says:The projectile is a 55 grain copper jacketed FMJ lead core and non-magnetic.The brass is annealed the primers are boxer type non-corrosive and sealed and crimped.Is this a decent round? I thought brass was good but not too sure about copper-jacketed. Googled quite a bit and cant seem to find the exact answer. I guess jacketed is better than plated...So overall is this a decent ammo and why or why not? (goal is to develop accuracy and competency at the range)And if its brass why is is also copper-jacketed?Thanks for any insight!
guns, I need a new range bag for my pistols. The one I have right now is too small. I want it to carry at least 4 pistols 2 mags for each pistol so 8 mags ammo and other range essentials. Any suggestions?
guns, I found the old post on this sub about finding ammo online but I can no longer reply to that one to ask there. That post led me to two websites that seem to compile a list of different websites I can buy ammo from. GunBot.net and  gun-deals.com. My first question is do these sites vet the places they list to make sure they are not scam sitesand does anyone have any experience using them? Gunbot lists 5.56 as cheap as .27/or but gun-deals has it listed as cheap as .17/pr seems like kind of a red flag as that is a huge difference and possibly too good to be true. My second question is that these sites seem to list all the information on the product in these abbreviations that I just dont know such as PY/BE/NC. What do these mean and what could they be alternatively? anywhere I find people talking about ammo all seem to know what these mean and never really explain what all the abbreviations are. Is there a key somewhere I can use as a quick reference?
gaming, The memory unit somehow came out and now it wont let me play games or watch movies. Does anyone know how to reinsert it?
gaming, As a hardcore Potterhead the mere thought of creating and customizing your own Witch/Wizard learning spells potions and being sorted into a house would be a dream come true.
gaming, Im making this question because this year in october 10 that games will arrive to its 10th aniversary.Pokémon X/Y Is a game that deserves to be remembered for various things.1 Where the first Pokémon main series to be made enterely in 3D.2 Are the only games where the protagonist uses a pijama. (😂🤣😆)3 This game introduced Character custumization for the first time in a core series game. 4 The Fairy type Is introduced to equal the dragon type. (Lance and Iris could find themselves in a though spot 😝😆)5 The mega evolutions makes his grand debut in these games adding something new and powering up certain Pokémon. (Perfect to turn the tide in a hard battle)6 The Villain presented the second most scary plan in the saga. (Some people still says that team flare was moronic. Seriusl? Lyssons plan was almost mixing Hiroshima and the Holocaust together 😰😱🤯😖)7 Pokémon X/Y games settled new standards that would be bettered in subsequent games opening new paths to the franchise 👏👌👋😀😎Thats are the reasons because these games deserves to be considered true jewels of the RPG games and also deserves to be celebrated at 10 years of their release in 2013.Feel free to comment and share your opinion about this important event for the gaming comunity.Happy Redditing.
gaming, I played many years ago on the PS2. I was like 10 years old or something. It was a demo so everything I remember is the following:-I started in a snowy area as a human in a brown/rusty? mecha suit. I destroyed like three ice walls and then some bossfight started. (Remember it was a demo so no real story in here)- The next thing I remember is that I now had a shiny new mecha suit (I thing it was white) and I was flying around in a factory?. My goal was to find a professor which was kidnapped and hidden in one of the thousand boxes which were produced and moved in this factory.I know it‘s not much but maybe there is at least ONE gamer which knows this game.
gaming, Was wanting to get into VR gaming. I already own a ps4 and my current computer cannot run oculus. But I plan to upgrade my computer by the end of this year. Should I wait and just get the rift for VR? Or should I just get the PSVR? Which has better games/community etc. Thanks in advance!
guns, Is there any Tennebraex model that works with this optic?
gaming, Curious to see parts of games that you think were pretty much impossible without the use of a walkthrough or guideAs for me I don’t think I would’ve ever found the Dark Souls DLC without a walkthrough
gaming, I keep hearing it referred to as the greatest game of our time etc. But is it genuinely fun to get into or was it just popularised by the Hurr durr git gud crowd? I played the first one and passed the Asylum Demon (?) At the start of the game I didnt find any kinda trace of story the controls (to me) were awkward and I found it more difficult than fun.Is it worth picking back up or should I just give this a miss?
gaming, I cant explain it this happened to me sometimes in mid-day while playing Skyrim Witcher 3 Far Cry 6 cyberpunk 2077 Fallout 4 SpidermanPS4 any of the last 3 Assassin Creed games &amp; other games I cant remember atm. Is this normal during mid-day while not being tired or is there a name for what this might be?&amp;#x200B;A few games where this never happens since they actually awaken me from sleepiness are: Dragonball  Z Xenoverse 2 &amp; Batman Arkham Knight (Starcraft 1 &amp; 2 but that was a long time ago)&amp;#x200B;Edit:Im on PCI go to sleep on average at 8:00pm &amp; wake at 4:00am
gaming, Personally Im not a fan of the exclusion of late game but very excited for the updated graphics and mechanics
gaming, Personally I prefer physical for Movies and Video Games (music I like digital) I just enjoy having the hard case and getting up grabbing the desk. I don’t like digital just cause I feel like I don’t really own it and I just have the licence to run it.
gaming, We seem to live in another year of Dont preorder and it somehow got me thinking about the old Evolve which some people point to as the beginning of this downhill in gaming releases.  I remember pre-ordering that game watching lots of hype material around it and even buying Left 4 Dead solely so that I could get access to the beta (Fell right into that trap). Then the game dropped.  And I loved it!  I dont think I have ever been so thrilled with a video game launch (not at least since then). The gameplay atmosphere and format was right up my alley and I immediately found myself hooked. I tallied up 100 hours of gameplay rather quickly and progressed through their levelling system.  I was never bothered by their day-one DLC. On launch day all of the available DLC was purely cosmetic which never bothered me since from my perspective that was just a way to keep the art department busy in the last couple of months before launch.  I put a lot of money down for DLC to acquire new hunters and monsters and I never actually felt like it was unreasonable. This stuff isnt free to develop.  Thats why it all game down as a shock for me when negative reviews hailed down on it and it eventually ending up as such a dead game (Though the lack of story and singleplayer bugged me. There was soooo much potential).  What was your experiences like? Why was this game so heavily frowned upon when the level of microtransactions was way milder than what followed?
gaming, Theres 3 separate IPs thats called DS i can think of from the top of my head dead space dark souls and death stranding.
gaming, I have never returned a game or had a bad experience with Sony or any game publisher. But when I loaded the game on my baseline PS4 the experience made me nauseous. It was a buggy mess faces would take time to render I turned the game off when I first looked at V in the bathroom mirror at the apartment it took several seconds for his clothes to render. I deleted the game after 90 minutes of playtime. Im shocked by this experience. CDPR might patch this game and fix it however I did not pre order a game that will be playable sometime in the future. I paid for a finished game and am entitled to a refund. Playstation denied the refund and is now extorting me to pay them for a faulty product they sold me. This is such a mess I tried calling customer service but those poor reps sound like theyre getting verbally abused all day and dont have the power to make this situation right. Honestly I am disappointed in Playstation for their predatory policy and in CDPR for selling an unfinished product. PSN can keep my account and the games in my library. Im sticking to just buying disks from now in and I wont ever be buying a game on launch again. Stay informed as a consumer and dont let corporations take advantage of you. Pay a fair price for functional products.
gaming, I dont know why i recently remembered this but I want to find the name of an old game that I loved. It was for the Mac G3 (The ones with the curved blue backs) and it was on a CD. The game was about a teenaged cartoon Parasaurolophus (Curved head) and the goal was to solve different puzzles to find dinosaur eggs before a t-rex. After you found all the eggs you hatched them inside a volcano and all of you fought against the t-rex and killed him. If anyone knows this game it would be greatly appreciated!
gaming, Don’t get me wrong I am not trying to downplay this virus. It sucks that it is going and I wish people who have it the best of luck. However the media has greatly over exaggerated it. Isn’t it ironic how E3 was able to go on just fine during the 2009 swine flu pandemic and yet they cancel it during the coronavirus pandemic I doesn’t help when the media is trying to make this virus seem like the simian flu from the planet of the apes when it’s nothing like that. Imagine if the coronavirus began declining and stopped by early may. Imagine how stupid the ESA would feel. In all seriousness though I think the coronavirus was just the nail in the coffin for e3. Both key figures and major game developers were quitting and e3 has been declining for years now. I doubt there will be an e3 2021 and if there is it will probably be digital due to it’s irrelevancy despite what the ESA says. I still expect game releases and the next gen consoles this year due to things getting under control in China right now.
gaming, I need a new main game to play. I haven’t found anything that sticks. Tried Destiny 2 for a bit but never got in to it. Getting sick of CS:GO Pubg Fortnite new CoD. What’s a good game that’s casual to play and you actually get done playing and say “damn that game is fun”?&amp;#x200B;Open to all suggestions. Mainly a shooter person but want to expand my horizons - especially since I just s witched over to PC.&amp;#x200B;
guns, Is there an official name for guns with magazines that go on top like how guns with magazines behind the trigger are bullpups?
gaming, Hey /r/gaming! My gf asked me to recommend some games that she could play in browser at work with only a mouse. I showed her lemmings which she has really enjoyed but I cant think of anything else. Shes not the biggest gamer so it has to be something relatively simple before lemmings she had only played mario kart and michael jacksons moonwalker (pretty random right?). So now I have turned to reddit for your advice. Thanks guys/ gals
guns, It’s taken many years (15 years since my first gun - which is that camo Benelli my dad bought me was I was a kid) but I’m very proud of my collection so far. This is by far my favorite hobby and I am so grateful to have the right to pursue my hobby here in the US.
gaming, So I just started a new play through of Fallout 4 in prep for Fallout 76 and I noticed there was new dialogue from the news anchor talking about Vault 76 and how Vault Tec has expanded so much since it opened. Is this new or has it always been there?
gaming, Im new to PC builds and am not sure where to go from here. Now I dont have anything fancy and I am sure there are a million different paths I could take... For now lets think simple. I have an MSI board with an Intel I3 3.3ghz processor 500w lepa power supply MSI GeForce GTX 1050 Ti (4gb) 8gb ram 500gb SSD (I have another 320gb drive that could be installed too). Another challenge is I have one of those DIY mini cases. Black w/ purple stripe and purple fan lights. GPU is lit Red. I suppose there is lag when playing overwatch though i seem to play through it. I suppose more speed? I have 100mbps LAN connection which i dont believe to be the cause of lag. Any suggestions tips links vids is appreciated :)
gaming, I can neither explain nor defend this. Hes cute. I ship him and Marcus.
gaming, So this is the norm now to console gen and going to pc. They will say inflation. Economic downturns etcAs a whole though why are games expensive anyway this might seem silly to ask but bear with meThe industry standards are awful when it comes to polished games working day one with a rare few doing so.  Paying premium for a subpar wait for later fixOf course you can just say because they can and we accept it as the answer to anythingBut looking at games 1 to 2 months later sometimes games can be half or more off. Unless youre COD GTA getting millions any releaseHow much does the price tag affect sales. Wouldnt games sell more overall if they werent so high a price to begin with only to tumbleHow many games would you buy more if they were $50 eachFor the companies who arent EA Activision Take Two
guns, I saw a post about VHS-2 (Hellion) so Ill write a review of the rifle I was in the Croatian Army and was one of the testers with model1 and model 2. The riffle has declared 850RPM for D version (duga or long barrel version) and 860RPM for K version (kratka or short barrel version) but I do believe that this is a lower amount it takes less than 2sec to empty mag.   The handle is made from hard plastic with a small compartment in it can be opened from the bottom and is for storing a small piece of fabric and cleaning rope.  When holding in your hand after some time it becomes uncomfortable and puts a lot of pressure on your hand and wrist.Adjustable buttstock (gunstock) is nice and can be easily adjusted to all lengths of hand reach cheek rest is not that good and after some use it becomes uncomfortable and in wintertime it is freezing cold.Sight – there are 2 types available the standard is Iron sight and during noontime a shadow falls in this stupid way that you can’t aim (front sight problem) similar is if the sun is in front of you.The optical sight is nice with a 1.5x magnifier it has 2 ways of aiming standard with a circle where 1.8 m will fill the circle and it has red dot aim the red dot brightness can be adjusted turned on/off and is super precise.        Muzzle flash suppressor does an excellent job and the barrel has a bayonet mountThe hand guard rail is removable and modular grenade launcher can be installed but the balance of the rifle is pushed forward (understandable) and the rifle becomes hard to manoeuvre.On the handguard you can mount a stand (legs) for extra precision a laser marker can be installed and similar items.        Firing selector can be used from both sides and 1st position is lock 2nd is semi while 3rd is full auto (this was one of our biggest problem and we advocate to swap positions so that 3rd or full up position to be semi)The magazine well is interchangeable so you can use different types of mags and there is one extra add-on that can take even more types of magazines.Magazines have lock type so you can have 2 locked mags but the lock is not good enough for use so if you are running and are not careful 1 mag will fall I have lost numerous magazines this way.There is a bolt catch release and in theory it is good but it can be too hard to release so it is not practical but the idea behind this is after you fired all of your ammo you can just pop in a new mag and use this release to load a bullet into the chamber.Cocking handle (load handle) works both ways you can load with both hands or on both sides after heavy use the spring in the handle will stop working and will not be in the middle position as standard the handle is sturdy and durable we used the old AK47 trick where you use your leg to reload and handle didn’t breakRifle balance is good but the position of the magazine will cause problems to your forearm and gets uncomfortable after some time.The cleaning kit that comes with the rifle is an absolute shame and waste of material just buy your own kit.Uses of rifleWe tested the rifle with heavy use and the first jam comes after 20 full mags on full auto mode on regular use you don’t have to clean your rifle until 2000 bullets have been fired after that you can get bullets jams this is amazing.Dirt sand water snow do not affect the riffleShaking and light dropping do not affect the rifle but if you smash it on the hard ground you will need to recalibrate the aim (understandable) Regular maintaining of the rifle is easy easy to remove all the parts but deep cleaning gets problematic as some parts are awkward but the rifle can be washed we used from regular hair shampoo dish cleaner to specialized weapon cleaning shampoos and there was no sign of defect the barrel is made from really good and durable material. Shooting is fun and the rifle doesn’t have a strong kick the bullets are flying out and behind you so no matter what side you use you will not eat the brass (some will get to your neck) but this will be a problem on a field where some of the casing will fall on people behind you there is mount casing from HK-G36 that can be added for directing of the casing.Firing doesn’t lift the front side so much so it is easy to hold during full auto.The rifle is top tier and is definitely in top10 rifles today.The rifle is battle-tested in the middle east
guns, Couple question for you guys since I’m unfamiliar with the process: How long does it usually take to get your tax stamp approved can you send multiple forms at once and  do you have to have a stamp for each ATF item?      Thanks. I’m New to this and looking to get a few suppressors.
guns, 1. I need to invest in undershirts.2. And pants with a looser waist...3. ... or maybe I should start hitting the gym. Im not a heavy guy by any means (167cm ~61kg) but my waist enjoys food too much.4. People werent kidding about the factory rubber grips.5. I kind of wish the claw were longer. At the lowest ride height it feels like the claw is about to slip underneath my belt and get caught. (And on the higher ride heights I feel like Im constantly printing.)6. I need a new belt. I mean Ive needed a new belt for about five years now (this belt is probably ten) but now I *really* need a new belt. Recommendations? Id prefer leather since I work in an office environment. Im thinking of a ratcheting belt as well.
gaming, what are some good games i can play (multiplayer)
gaming, For context I’m a 16 year old male. I’m not trans nor do a wish to be I just play as a girl for some reason Whenever there’s a choice. It’s this a strange thing to do?One of my friends said it’s kinda weird but idk. I don’t know why I do it
gaming, Look. The game’s story is a little wonky. The lady that wouldn’t let me through the door while she kept calling me asshole was pretty frustrating. Voice acting is meh (the hate on that was weird though because I just finished another game and it was even worse. And everyone loved it.) But exploring huge dilapidated leaking buildings. Hiding in a tunnel while the spotlight form the airship groans overhead. Sniping mother fuckers from the rooftop and having them roll down a flight of stairs. All this shit adds up to (to me anyway) the most immersive game since stalker. Which is a classic in and of its own right (and probably the most broken game ever).  I mean it did have some trchnical problems (some frame rate issues before patching and some enemy pop-in after patching) but I mean...I’ve played skyrim so much maybe my bar is low for tolerance or something. I felt like the glitches were super forgivable and after getting the frame rate up to snuff I had an absolute blast. I mean...I just beat mafia 3 (I’m on this weird underrated games kick right now) and THAT game is a god damn nightmare. Every single system in that game broke on me at least twice. Plus the amount of times I’d just be driving into the void out of nowhere or my hovercraft would shoot into the sky was INSANE. That game made me not like 2k hahaha and it’s reviews were similar!I seriously just don’t understand where the hate is coming from. To me this is the best open world first person shooter that like really sucks you in since far cry 3. The world alone is so jaw dropping and the engines lighting system is so vivid and crisp the lack of applause the visuals got in this game blow my mind. There were scenes in that game running through bombed out buildings that put this in my top 20. And I’m kind of a snob about my shooters. But I loved it as much as I love half life 2 (although that’s a much better game haha.) graphically this game is incredible and I don’t think there’s much denying that. Besides the giant ass guns. I just felt like it was a hate bandwagon to jump on. This game really is great. At he very least good. I picked it up for 15 bucks. If you haven’t played it and you enjoyed half life 2 far cry or stalker give this one a shot.  (Which is funny. Everyone said it’s like half life two or far cry...like it was a bad thing...two of the most celebrated IPs ever hahaha). Give it a playthrough. I had a blast. Play with headphones. If you’re looking for that immersive shooter and always wanted a freedom fighters sequel... It’ll suck you in. Just look past the voice acting (crytek has its hands on it so...that’s probably their fault. I still cringe when I play crysis and someone speaks. Yeeesh).
gaming, did anyone else absoluetly love this dlc? the way it showed certain back stories (Dr. Chang in particular) also 1998 mode was really fun! i really liked playing it on 1998 mode as well!
gaming, I remember that exciting feeling of playing my favorite games almost pissing myself from too much fun as a very young kid going back after school or late nights sneaking games… no longer get it with any game
gaming, **WARNING LONG POST AHEAD!!!**In case you havent figured out my title i will be talking about about how i would make my own crafting survival game. What is a crafting survival game? its where you spawn into an open world with nothing on you and you have to gather resources in order to craft tools weapons and houses. You also have to eat and drink to keep you from starving and dying from dehydration as well :) so basically like 7 days to die (my current favourite) minecraft (the most player friendly and best developed but WAY too easy and kid friendly) and ARK ( by far the most content but also the worst developed as well).&amp;#x200B;**Gameplay:** My game would be based in a fully destructible grid based world (like in 7DTD) however the game would not be built in blocks edges and cliffs holes would be rounded to create a bit more of a realistic feel (and not look like giant blocks everywhere). The grid of the map would be a bit smaller than 7DTD and minecraft these games have very large blocks for example your character is 2 blocks high and 1 block wide my game would make it so that your character is 3 blocks high and 2 blocks wide the reason for this would be 1. to make a more detailed buildings and 2. to accompany the movement system! aka standing character can fit through 3 block high gaps crouched can go through 2 high gaps and prone can go through 1 block high gaps. The world would also focus on random generated worlds like in minecraft and 7DTD but a bit more like minecraft due to caves being a big thing in the game. hopefully the randomated world would look something like fallout games do with plenty of random house towns and even cities to explore.&amp;#x200B;**Crafting and survival:** Beginning crafting will be different than anything Ive seen i think anyways you can only craft basic items at the beginning such as stone tools weapons and armour anything higher will require a crafting table crafting would be more like 7DTD but a bit more simplified like in minecraft that way people wouldnt have to search up on how to do half the game easy enough to do yourself without being confusing anyways you can still craft tools and weapons you would start with stone tools such as: axe pickaxe shovel etc... and weapons such as: club knife (or shiv) spear etc... You can craft armours as well 3 different types one that specialises in heat protect cold protect and health protect. you will also have to craft campfires crafting table forges etc... i would like a lot more resources however tools would tier up like minecraft but with more tiers (like there would be more before and after diamond) BTW you can also craft makeshift guns! FO4 style! you would have to buy a gun crafting table ( sacrifices a real gun to build). Oh and you can also find loot based items as well you can find scrap items where you can obviously scrap to get certain materials (like in fallout 4) but you can also find real tools and weapons! these would be stuff like you can usually buy in the real life and these would have the destiny/ borderlands tier system (white green blue purple orange and a secret one i will reveal later)&amp;#x200B;**Inventory:** so this is going to be a little different than any crafting survival game basically it would be like RE4 and PREY i just LOVE this system and think it will fit perfectly with this kind of game. (the only thing of note would be that resources such as wood and rock would take up a 2x2 square due to being able to craft a resource compactor to make them 1x1) also later on you can craft a backpack upgrade for more slots.&amp;#x200B;**Enemies:** Ok so this one will probably be stupid to a lot of people but hear me out ... Aliens .... not just aliens but an infection caused by the aliens. The reason why is this gives a lot more opportunity for much more creative enemy designs anyways other than that there would be alien bosses as well. There would also be a wide veriety of animals as well : Rabbits deer sheep birds bears dogs cats wolves all of which will have an infected version too and you can tame all the animals (thats right I said ALL including the bears as long as theyre not infected) &amp;#x200B;**Building:** I LOVE BUILDING! this has got to be one of the most fun things you can do in videogames in my opinion however I feel like building hasnt really been all that great (with the exception of minecraft i guess) anywaysmy building mechanics would be a mix between the forest Fallout 4 and 7DTD. What this means is that you would have to go into a building menu (you cant attack like in FO4) and then build like in the forest but within the square based grid (like in 7DTD) so you would create a wooden floor by placing posts on the floor and in order to finish it you would have to go to the original post youre not finished yet! you are only making the blueprint version of what youre building meaning you can visualise your build before sacrificing too much materials.&amp;#x200B; **Misc:** So remember how i talked about a secret tier? well its called ALIENTECH it is the most rarest tier in the game but it is very clear why these alien tools and weapons are much better than any tools in the game and they would look much more creative and cooler than all the other loot. Whenever you would spawn into the world you would actually parachute from a crashing plane due to being more creative :) and you can see and choose where to start your adventure! Mining would have a big real role in the game as well this is going to be your main way of getting resources such as stone metals crystal etc... Electricity would work pretty much like FO4. Character customisation would also be in the game and you can change your sking your body weight gender and all your clothes (clothes do not affect health or resistance at all its just like a minecraft skin) however you cannot change your hair because ... your hair and/or beard grow over time! ( I LOVED this feature in RDR2 and would love to see this in more games.) you will have to craft a hair station And finally a fun little add-on a separate app for your phone or PC where you can draw paintings (craftable) or design shirts for your character!&amp;#x200B;Anyways i am really sorry for the long post however i just LOVE this genre and there are just so many BAD games out there and barely any good ones its really a shame anyways this is my perfect crafting survival game hope you guys enjoyed.
gaming, I loved this game i played on the zealot with moderate diff all the game until that final partdude the lucifer second form is so brokedi changed the difficulty on that formmaybe i not that used to hack n slash games anyway...
gaming, What is the game concept that youve always wished would come out but still hasnt?
guns, Im a trigger snob I like crisp light triggers. So with my monies from Generous Sam Im looking at buying a pistol to get in to the world of competition shooting. I also want an all metal firearm. After doing my research - its clear that the CZ SP-01 is the best gun in my price range of $600 or under. HOWEVER! I looked at one of the TriStar T120 pistols today and was impressed esp at the $375 price point. Furthermore I see that I can install parts from CGW that promise to make the trigger feel like a good 1911s trigger - and I can do so for another $200ish bucks which puts me at my $600 limit. Ive felt the trigger on the SP-01 its OK - but I would want to eventually install a CGW setup. Thoughts?
guns, As the title states i most likely will be procuring a SCAR 16 in the near future and id like to hear some feedback from users of the platform. Yes i understand that i could build an AR15 thats better and cheaper than it but thats not the question at hand. I am interested in the firearm and would like to see what real guys with time behind the gun have to say about it. Thanks in advance for the input also if you have sweet pictures of your piece go ahead and show them off in the thread lol. (I need inspiration for my future potential build out of it.)
guns, Has anyone tried ordering from buds online today? When I go to confirm my order I just get a blank screen.  Tried on two different OS.  I typically don’t order from buds but I was gifted a gift card.  Needing my weekly ammo order dang it! Haha
gaming, Ive loved shooting games for the past 8 years and then I run into this game. Jeez Louise this game is kicking my ass. Did anyone else have this experience and is this how the game is supposed to be?
gaming, Also what are your opinions on protection plan?Yes I just asked the internet for opinions.Thanks!
gaming, And I have to say it’s excellent. Extremely tense terrifying and satisfying gameplay throughout. Incredible characters and moral ambiguity. Gripping and heartbreaking story.And yes I really liked Abby’s section. What an awesome powerhouse she was. And I liked how it had a higher emphasis on action in that half of the game with more powerful weapons etc.Seriously what was all the fuss about???
gaming, Im going to college in 2 months and this will be my first time using a laptop in general. I have no idea what mouse would be better. If its a wireless mouse Id go with G305 (its around 70e here but every tech here is too expensive and amazon is off-limits because shipping is too much ) if not then not sure there are some decent mouses in that price range.&amp;#x200B;Edit: wireless headphones are wired fine?
gaming, One round my guns are unstoppable killing enemies in three or four shots and the next round my bullets are marshmallows and I’ll lose gun fights over and over. I hate to admit it but I enjoy jet packing more at least it’s sort of makes camping harder
gaming, Say a girls owns a psone for 12 years now. Some of the cds are in very bad shape and a dozen have been completely erased of all data. Many games that hold a special place in my heart are gone. Does anyone knows where could I find games (free) that would be playable on psone (not for the emulator). Tnx.
gaming, Hey guys Im a PC gamer that could use some help with finding a new game. Im looking for games similar to TES IV: Oblivion TES V: Skyrim Fallout 3 Fallout: New Vegas and Far Cry 3.Now let me explain what it is about those specific games that I like so that you can help suggest me new ones. I like open world/free roam games that let me explore. I like being able to scavenge buildings/dungeons for loot with the excitement of not knowing what Im going to find. I like stealthy game play and play that style in almost every game. I like RPGs and action titles.A few games Ive played and also enjoyed that may follow along the same lines are Borderlands Borderlands 2 and Dishonored. However Id like games that are more similar to the previously mentioned titles.Also Id highly prefer for the games to be FPSs.Thanks for the help! Keep in mind I play on PC.
gaming, Ive never owned a Playstation but I am looking to buy a Playstation 3. I have always wanted to play games like Journey and Little Big Planet. I also like that it has a Blu-Ray player since Ive never owned one.How much should I expect to be paying for one if its used?
gaming, This has got to be some of the most embaressing displays of advancements in gaming tech. With modern consoles barely being able to play their own games with consistent frame rates and texture quality. You have games like control that slow to a crawl when too many effects going on and horrible texture pop-in. Star wars fallen order has issues even loading fucking levels....THE LEVELS.How are these things not consistent on these consoles that are supposed to be base entry fees into gaming??
gaming, For reason a lot of games love turning this Dog into a boss fight
gaming, I remember putting hundreds of hours into an elder scrolls game or fable or any fantasy RPG.  But now that I am 30 years old I just cannot get into these huge sweeping open world RPGs anymore.  Its not just the lack of time I have to put into a long game its that giant games with dungeons and collectibles and crafting systems just does not interest or excite me anymore.  and that is sad.  those used to be my favorite part of a game.  now I lean more toward linear games but it also has opened up an entirely new line up of games I would never have tried before.  xcom xcom 2 the dark souls series...those are amazing games well worth the time and it makes every thing you do feel like an accomplishment.  im just rambling but I do miss playing giant games like mass effect and fallout.
gaming, Can we not just get cool action adventure games where you have a cool gameplay/soundtrack and build a story around that. Not 100 diffrent mechanics armor stats skill trees and massive dialogue branches that dont go anywhere or do anything. Sometimes to move forward you gotta go back and to some degree the action genre  needs that
gaming, What do you think is an amazing superhero game? There are the obvious ones like Spider-Man or the Arkham series but whats one you think deserves more attention?
gaming, Dear Gamers I am in need of your help! My boyfriend and I are pretty avid gamers so I was hoping to find something that will truly impress him since he rarely shows interest in gifts. My boyfriend has been a long time WoW player and I was hoping to get him something WoW related for his Birthday. Unlike me he isnt really into figures and posters so I was hoping to find something unique that he will love. His favorite class to play at the moment is Druid and he usually plays for the Horde. He is also really into World of Warcraft lore and I think he would love any copies of the original warcraft novels but sadly I havent been able to find any. I would like to keep my budget around 100$. If anyone knows where I could find the novels or if anyone has any idea as to what else I could get him it would be a great help!
gaming, Will the controller come with a USB C cable or will i have to buy one separate?
guns, I recently seen a video on here of a guy that made a plug on a tether that keeps the dust out of your pistol red dot but will pull out as you draw your weapon. Anyone know of a 3d printable model of this for a 507c? I have looked and only found the 507k.
gaming, Doesnt matter how amazing your internet is. Doesnt matter how fast it is or how reliable it is. The only thing that matters is Microsofts servers. If it cant handle everyone trying to authenticate at once then you cant play. It could happen at launch it could happen every Christmas. If the servers are down you cant play. And what if the Xbox Live gets hacked? What if what happened to PSN happened to Xbox live. At least you could still play your games single player and watch netflix. If the same thing happens to Xbox Live no gaming and no media services period.
gaming, Gamers get super obsessed and super angry over things that dont matter then review bomb games because of it. One example I can think of from the last couple years is when The Last of Us Part II got review bombed by transphobic sexists for the crime of having a buff woman in the game.People should never take user reviews seriously they mean nothing.
gaming, If a buy it digitally on xbox one will ibe able to fully play the half life titles included in it TF2 and portal 2 without anything being too glitch or missing.
gaming, Hi everyoneI am using a network that has a proxy and I have been having a hard time finding games that can actually accommodate this. Are there any good games that can do this?
gaming, I was watching some videos on the game Wayward Realms which is currently in development. Hearing its intended scale at around 200000 km is very impressive but it got me to thinking how long it would take before our tech was capable of running a world as big as the Earth. Around 196 million square miles.      I dont really care about opinions on filling sizeable maps with quality content because that isnt really an issue. That part comes down to the developers investment time and tools.       But being capable of running something that big doesnt seem like it should be that far off. I know to some it seems silly but its exciting to think about playing a game where if you had the time and patience you could walk from Alaska to the tip of Argentina.   Is anyone else a scale-a-phile?
gaming, Ubisoft: you win ALL the awards.
gaming, Thats all lol
gaming, So I’ve been gaming my whole life and I have a collection of retro games. Since I’ve missed out on so many popular titles what are some must play games? Anything is up for recommendation. Your favorite title a niche but great game popular ones etc.
gaming, Like many gamers I’m coming off a long stint of playing RDR2. The game was immersive the world was alive the character was super customizable and almost relatable. I enjoyed hunting in the game and in RDO for how realistic some of the environments and nature was. With all that being said I’m looking for a new game to play in my rare downtime. I’ve been eyeing up Hunting Simulator 2 the Elite Edition as it also has a Game Warden DLC which I accidentally bought not knowing it was an addition to the game… it was $11. I didn’t read the fine print. Oops. Has anyone played this game before and can let me know what it was like? I don’t hunt IRL and I’m not a gun nut but am still curious about the gameplay and if some aspects are similar to RDR2. I’m also curious about Biomutant. The trailers look pretty cool reminds of a weird twist to Kung Fu Panda looks like it has some major customization skills and reminds me of Borderlands in a way.  Is this a story driven game? Is the game play more free roam or through maps?Both these games are currently on sale in the PS4 store which I why I am asking about them. I know some people out there may recommend games like Horizon Zero Dawn I tried it I couldn’t get into it like I could RDR2. I don’t know why but I know my mental health has been fluctuating a lot in these weird global times so my motivations aren’t always there. That’s why RDR2 was a good game for me. I saw aspects of myself in the protagonist. I’ve lived the cowboy life and love western movies and novels. None of this may be relevant to my questions but I guess it adds relevance to why I am looking a similar escape. Finally if anyone knows of good co-op split screen games my girlfriend and I could play we are alway open for recommendations. Thanks all!
guns, I want to build an M16A2 clone off the Capco upper I got from gundeals. What would be the best parts to add to it that would look like authentic military parts or sources for military surplus pieces? I’ve seen plenty of A2 lowers and stocks but I’d like one that doesn’t have a big roll mark unless it was something that would’ve been used in the 80s and 90s.
gaming, So I have an Xbox one x and an Xbox series x as well as a ps5 a ps4 pro and an Og ps4.On the ports on the Xbox advanced settings it doesn’t show port 3074 as the ports that it’s using instead the ports begin with 5’s. Idk how to see the ports the PlayStations are using.I have UPNP enabled and don’t seem to have any issues signing into Xbox live or PSN but does it matter which port it’s using? Should I be fine?
guns, I posted this first in the AR sub but got no helpful info except for a gracious poster.First AR BuildHowdy folks!I currently own a Ruger AR556 and a PSA 300 pistol.I’m looking to build a carbine length AR SBR that will eventually host a suppressor.This is my parts list so far:-DD 11.5” Barrel-DD clamp gas block-DD gas tube - carbine length-DD 10” MLOK Handguard-DD Delta ring assembly-DD barrel nut bolt up system-DD 5.56 BCG-DD A4 Upper receiver-BCM gunfighter charging handleAlternative parts:-Superlative arms adjustable gas block-Aero precision upper receiver-Ruger AR556 upper receiver (owned)-Ruger charging handle (owned)My lower will be my Ruger AR556 lower that I can later customize.This is my first build so I am open to any and all suggestions. I am especially interested in what parts I can go cheaper on than the DD parts without negatively impacting the rifles performance.I am also open to alternative parts!I am also open to suppressor suggestions.Thanks in advance for your help!
guns, All the cases on Amazon look like they would be too small to fit my ear pro with the strap. Wondering if anyone knew of a case that would work. Thanks!
guns, So I inherited a few guns from a great uncle recently. One of them is a German WW2 era (third reich stamps) rifle with a Mauser action that has been made into a custom sporting rifle. Its pretty fancy looking.  The question is the barrel is stamped with 30-06 IMP. Is that the same as a 30-06 AI or is that a different variation with different shoulder dimensions?  Thanks.
guns, Calling their customer service line results in me being fed a pre-recorded message claiming they are experiencing high call volume even though I made calls late yesterday and right when they opened this morning.  I am hung up on the moment the recording ends.  FOID is already an infringement now we are past the date. I live in Cook County and know there is even more infringement regarding spooky assault weapons - but to make it this difficult for me is absurd.  What steps can I take to get this resolved?  Thanks so much for any help you all can offer.
gaming, Id love to see just one more Warriors style game for the Final Fantasy series. Dissidia Warriors.
gaming, If you were to ask for a HD remake of a game what would it be and what (if anything) would you improve?
gaming, Im looking to switch from Console (Xbox) to PC and the switch is expensive. I know there are a lot of benefits for switching..
guns, Does anyone know what happened to it? It seemed pretty consistent then not a video for 8 months.
guns, Does anyone know of any company that makes or sells reproduction (or genuine) Halbeck devices?  Im trying to do a Rhodie clone FAL and I cant find anything besides expired auctions and already sold pieces.  Any help is super appreciated.
guns, So take your Winchester Model 70. Load it from the top. Simple.Now... maybe Im just not good at Internet searching but I cant find a modern example of a bolt-action rimfire thats loaded by the same method (the only example I can find is an old military trainer rifle). Its either detachable magazines or under-barrel tube magazines.Is there something about rimfires that makes them less useful in a top-loading system or did market forces simply make the detachable magazine the standard?Thanks in advance.
gaming, I am looking into purchasing the newly announced Surface Book from Microsoft. Im a Microsoft enthusiast so Im buying one no matter what (dont bother telling me about alternative machines at lower prices etc.). What I need to figure out is the performance of the onboard 6th Gen i5 HD graphics.  Having the NVIDIA would be nice but if it is not necessary for my gaming wants/needs then I wont bother paying the extra.How well would the i5 be able to handle these games...:  Dark Souls II Shadow of Mordor Cod BOII Alan Wake.As long as it can handle these games at low-medium settings I would be content. I dont need perfection.Will the 6th Gen i5 do okay? Or will I need to upgrade to the NVIDIA to get that performance?
guns, My grandfather passed away and I inherited a bunch of gun stuff a few years back I know nothing about guns and now that I’m sorting through it I’m lost. Recently I had an acquaintance offer to buy all of my .204 ammunition. I told him I would sort through it and tell him what I had. So now that I’ve sorted through it I need help with what I have. Any information to avoid making myself sound like an idiot when talking to this guy is greatly appreciated. Any and all info I have on the ammo below:All .204 AMMO218 rnd Winchester V-Max 40grain-100 rnd HSM V-Max 32g-46 rnd Hornady V-Max 32g-20 rnd Hornady V-Max 40g-All above have a red tip80 rnd Sierra 39 blitzkreig-50 rnd Sierra 40 blitzkreig-All above have a green tip
gaming, Seems like I will be alone on new years.. do you guys have and tips on what I can play to keep myself entertained?
gaming, Whens that pokemon with guns gonna come out? I wanna ride a birb while shooting an ak and i wanna make an m4 factory consisting of slaves.
gaming, Use this post to discuss life post memes or just talk about whatever! This thread is posted weekly on Fridays (adjustments made as needed).
gaming, Any advices? Thanks in advance.
gaming, I want games that break the 4th wall and use that as a plot point not for the shits and giggles like say Deadpool. A hint of horror is fine just not something on the level of Outlast
gaming, This might sound stupid but Im kinda facing an Idea block here. lol
gaming, Which game u like more? i have and played tekken 7 and when SF originally came out in 2016 it was a letdown but now with champion edition it looks better than ever.
gaming, I have a GX BRONZE 650W power supply. I think around 3 weeks ago my computer just started acting up basically the PSU. It always makes loud noises when it spins its so loud and it would lag my PC. I decided to clean it out as there was a shit ton of dust as the PC was gifted to be used. I used an air compressor and cleaned out basically all the dust and I tried to clean out PSU. When I finished it was still the same. A little while after the PSU fan basically doesnt spin. It goes really slow and every 5 seconds squeaks and does a full circle how it is supposed to. Please can someone help It will mean a lot!!
guns, Trying to make this short. An elderly member of the extended family gifted three ammo cans full of Hornady 32acp and 25acp because they found it at a good deal. No wonder as to why. They just figured that I shoot a lot so I probably had use for both.Ive tried trading it and successfully traded about 100rds of 32 for 50rds of 40. I still have over 1300 of 32 and 1000+ of 25. Im leaning towards a cz83 for the 32. What about the 25?
guns, Selling my Sig 226rx and all its stuff I have with it and am looking at one of the above. Ive read a few posts and sites claiming the Beretta ate the ammo better whereas the Benelli handled the recoil better. Recoil doesnt bother me. Curious what everyones take on it is who has had experience with them.
guns, Bought a Smith and Wesson SW22 Victory last week. First 600 rounds were CCI Mini-Mags and it shot like a dream. Then I found a deal on Reminton Thunderbolts. $16 for 500?! I foolishly thought.So I started shooting those and about 100 rounds in I was having crazy problems. Shots going in crazy directions bullets tumbling out of the barrel constant misfeeds etc. It culminated in a bullet getting stuck in the barrel which my gunsmith had to fish out with pliers. He told me the lead buildup in the barrel was to blame and so I tried cleaning it. I couldnt get a bore brush through it so I thought something may have warped in the barrel. I took it back to the gunsmith who deemed it just be mucked up. He suggested a copper bore brush to clean it out. So I bought one got home put it down the barrel... and it got stuck. Fuck. Took it back to the gunsmith AGAIN and he tried everything - prying it out hammering it through drilling it out of the barrel. No dice. So I ordered a new barrel a fluted/compd barrel from Volquartsen.That arrived yesterday. I took the Victory to the range again confident there would be no more issues. But alas I could not get through a single 10 round magazine without 3-4 malfunctions. Stovepipes failures to eject and once again bullets getting stuck in the barrel. I would load up a mag drop the slide aim and pull the trigger only for nothing to happen. The trigger wouldnt even engage. When I pried the bullet out it didnt even have a mark like the firing pin hadnt touched it at all. So I figure ok fuck the Thunderbolts. I went and got some more CCI Mini-Mags and it was the same issues all over again. I got through maybe 50 more rounds before the gun just refused to fire at all.So I figure its dirty. I took it apart last night and cleaned it all up the best I could. It wasnt sparkling clean but it was definitely much improved from before. Took it back to the range again today and I was having constant stovepipes. 3 4 sometimes 5 per mag. And I was trying all sorts of different ammo too - Blazer Federal Winchester and Browning. All had problems. Finally about halfway through the Blazers the Victory once again refused to fire. Loaded up a mag inserted it dropped the slide aimed and pulled the trigger only for the trigger to not even engage. At that point I just gave up in disgust.Does anyone know what could be causing this?  The barrel is brand new I only put maybe 125 rounds through it in total if that.  Really TRULY hoping its just a cleanliness issue and not something more sinister. It already sucked waiting 3 days for a new barrel to come in.Thoughts? Suggestions? Im gonna try giving it another deep clean tonight then taking it back to my gunsmith on Sunday. If he cant figure out whats wrong back to S&amp;W it goes. At this rate Im honestly considering never buying another S&amp;W product (I already own a M&amp;P Shield 2.0 in 9mm). This gun went from great to utter garbage so fast I cant even understand what might have happened.
gaming, I remember a 2D game where you create a dungeon add traps and have a chest that you must protect you can attack other people dungeons (you are a blob or a cube seen from the side) stealing gems from other dungeons that you can upgrade by merging them it was a very fun gale but I cant remember the name of the game ! Pls help and thank you
gaming, I think one of the main limitations of WWII games is that they have to stick to historical accuracy. In most WWII games they dont have you doing things that didnt actually happen and you end up storming the beaches of Normandy and participating in the same battles over and over again in different games. Towards the end of the popularity of the WWII fps genre game developers were scraping the bottom of the barrel trying to come up with new settings and battles that had not been done in previous games. So what about an entirely fictional WWII game? Something in an alternate universe where maybe experimental prototype weapons were more commonly used like the German MAUS and rat mega tanks? What about cool battles that are just totally made up? For example the last level of Medal of Honor Airborne is in no way realistic. Im pretty sure that the nazis didnt actually have a mega tower of death that US paratroopers had to storm. But it was AWESOME. Historical accuracy is cool and all but I think we already have enough of those games and ultimately they get stale. I think there have been a few WWII alternate reality games but they generally were of pretty poor quality more related to the game than the genre.
guns, Looking for books websites classes (that dont cost hundreds) for defensive pistol and/or rifle training. Any suggestions?
guns, Put on a Dead Air DA109 BCM foregrip Sig Romeo 7. I have too many M&amp;P mags as it is so I feel like I won lol
guns, Title
gaming, I have been gaming literally all my life. I have played and like just about any genre out there but theres one thing I cant seem to figure out. No matter what game what genre or even how much time I put into a game I just cant seem to be good. I dont care to be one of the best just at least decent. Good enough to have some fun. And no I do not care about winning. But when I load into a game and die within 10 minutes I kinda cant have fun. Any tips for this experienced dog crap player?
guns, Just a question about a legalize for a first time gun buyer anyone know the answer?
gaming, Welcome back to the New York Jets Franchise on Madden 20 PC Modded. In this episode youll see the 2021 Season 4 Divisional Playoff game between the New York Jets and the Indianapolis Colts on CBS in MetLife Stadium.
gaming, Ive never played Age of Empires but I dont know which to get Age of Empires III Complete Collection or Age of Empires II HD Edition.  Any help?
gaming, After watching Microsofts E3 Expo Im thinking of getting an Xbox One X so I can play Forza Horizon 4 in the highest quality however I dont have a 4K TV so can someone tell me what I will still receive with an Xbox One X?
guns, I have a 338 WM A bolt with a compensator. Does anyone have the thread type this rifle uses? Can’t find it anywhere. Thanks!
guns, I can’t see any active measures that would stop the hammer/striker from hitting the firing pin when the bolt is not locked.If the gun was reassembled without the locking piece couldn’t the primer get set off with a round chambered?How is that not dangerous? What am I missing?
gaming, i’m definitely going to get one but i’m not sure. help
guns, I can find both of these for under 500 but I also found this for 589:Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P15 Sport II 5.56 Nato AR-15 Rifle 30-RD M-LOK Forend Optics Ready – Smith &amp; Wesson 12024I own many hand guns Remington 870 and a 22.  This is my first AR.  What are some pros and cons of each support maintenance modifications etc...I plan on putting on some optics eventually does that mean I NEED an optics ready version?  And how hard is it to add optics to one that isnt optics ready?Thanks!
gaming, I played fortnite alot and Im so bored out of it and I found out that I have one of the best games but didnt finish them1. The witcher 3: played for alittle but left it for some reason but people told me that its one of the best games and I should get back to it2. Skyrim: played it for like 20 hours or so then I downloaded some mods that allowed me to have magic and got a powerful friend and.... Thats it Im on ps4 btw so there was limitation3. Persona 5: I was so invested in the story but I didnt like the combat palace system when I played it I just went in to find the boss THE SAME Day but then I got bored and left after defeating 4 bosses or alittle moreSo why am I asking? Because Ill play 3 days a week and not 100% full day and I may also play other online games with friends until rdr2 gets released and blackops4 but if the story is really good I can divide my time to finish the story.So what do you think I should play?Thank you
gaming, Im a new playersand the amount of informations and stuff to do in-game kinda scared me awayits probably great for veterans that know pretty much everything about the gamebut for a new player it sucksI have no idea what to do exactly and the guides I found online are not too helpful as they seemthe tutorial you start the game with doesnt help much eitherfor a game this big havin little guideline kinda scare away new players that are just looking to have fun and be casual at least at the begginingI feel like the developers just added a bunch of stuff and let the players figure it out for themselvesbdo is by far the most complicated mmo I ever played and I feel like all this sucks out the fun out of itthe game already feels like a chore and I barely startedhuge mmo with lots of stuff to do but not so fun when you dont know what youre doing.
gaming, I cant choose a favorite from Worlds 2 3 5 6 and 8. Im too indecisive. I cant choose a least favorite for Worlds 1 2 and 5.Favorite:1-34-67-8Least favorite: 3-74-46-57-6World 8 - Fortress though that first tank and the airship are insane too.
gaming, Me and my friends currently playing gta online for about 3 years and we are getting tired of it now. Anyone got any recommendations that we can try ( we previously played pubg fall guys among us etc.)
gaming, Looking for something interesting to play set in Japan but I have no idea where to start.
guns, So I recently purchased a used (didnt have a box of ammo through it) .308 Remington 700 from a bigger local gun store. I got it for 2/3 the retail price of it and the scope. When I went to buy it I grabbed one of the more expensive boxes of ammo ($35 box of Hornady Superformance) and the rifle and went to the counter. I told them I would buy the rifle if they threw in the box of ammo free and the owner said they could do that deal. Ive done this multiple times with their t-shirts &amp; ammo each time saving/getting something free between $10-30. I was just wondering if anyone else does this? And if not you should try because you may get some free stuff or ammo. And no I dont do this at my friendly gun guys place. I only do this/buy from this stores used guns because they have huge markups on their new stuff and they are locally known as being pricks.
guns, Hello all I was looking into getting some truglo sights for my glock. But I see that there are high and low sights. What does this mean? Im relatively new to firearms and I have very little knowledge on the subject.Thanks
gaming, anytime i launch a game there are two black bars on the side the game plays normaly. Steps i have taken to trouble shoot my issue:* restart computer* look it up on google* make sure maintain display scaling is on
gaming, Hi im looking to buy a new router my home is ~1200 sq ft. Im having trouble choosing between “Netgear Nighthawk AC1750 $95” or “Tp-link AC1750 $65.” There is around ~13 items in my home connected to the wifi. Please give your opinion and ask any questions. Have a great day :)
guns, I really want to get one as my next firearm.  I had a deposit on one from October 2020 to May 2021 at my local shop. But it looked like theyd never get one in so I got my deposit back. Has anyone seen a new one for sale in a store recently? How to know if theyre even producing them?
gaming, So the Steam holiday sale just began as we all know but I cant for the life of me decide if I want to play Witcher 3 for the first time or play Assasins Creed Black Flag and suggestions?
gaming, With regards to the games that you play what are the things that the developers do (or dont do) that annoy you or the player base in general?  I wont be naming and shaming game companies here but for example one of the games I used to play didnt have its developers showing that they cared enough for their game. There were lack of updates lack of listening to player feedback (in huge amounts) just apathy in general. Those things really destroyed my morale for the game.  How about in your case?
gaming, I want to play Games with interesting stories with mini-games/puzzles that also tie-in with the games story. I dont want games that are just visual novels. I want some gameplay elements at least.Platforms: PS4 / PS Vita / android / PS2 / Switch / 3DSYou can suggest games from other platforms Ill check them out.Thank you!
gaming, Playing the devils harmonica.
guns, **92X**- Made in USA (besides the Performance model)**M9A3**- Made in Italy - Threaded Barrel- Can come in FDE version- Higher price point What are the differences between the M9A3 and the 92X besides this?
gaming, Hey all I hope this is the right place to put this. Im looking to get a laptop that I can play games on. Im not looking to play anything to crazy just MTG Arena rocket league and maybe DotA 2. If anyone has any good recommendations between $600-$800 I would love to hear them.
gaming, Recently i have been trying to find a good game to buy but i just cant find any all the games i want havent come out yet and i just cant find one of my own games to play. What do you guys recommend?
gaming, Hello fellow gamers. I am a Computing teacher in a secondary school and I may have just been given permission to host an E-games league between houses in my school. I still have lots of hurdles to overcome before this pipe dream becomes a reality. One of these hurdles that I was hoping you lovely people could help me with is what games. The games need to be low spec due to the computers being low spec I am getting brand new PCs over the summer holidays but they wont be amazing. They need to be age appropriate (12+). They must work LAN only no online games will work on site. They need to be cheap/free as I am doing this on a shoe string budget. They cannot work via STEAM as that will never be unblocked at school.Preferably I would like to have competitions in several categories;FPSRacingRTSFootballThese would cover the main elements of competitive gaming. I would appreciate any input.
guns, From what I understand the IDF  took an Ak and tried to improve it. Anybody here know anything about this gun?
guns, Hello this is my first time visiting this sub!I need help finding something. I recently bought a Rossi Wizard an odd little rifle with 23 different barrel options. I bought this in .308 and want to find a .45-70 the only problem is the rifle wss discontinued and i cant even order one through their website. Ive tried all the Gunbroker and hunting whole sale sites with no luck.I was hoping that someone here might know of one in a gun store out maybe even have one theyd sell me. Please
guns, Purpose: to make it less likely for smash and grab burglars to find.  No children in the apartment.Ideas so far:Concealment furniture like picture frames/tables but this is quite pricey.  Is there any regular furniture not marketed as concealment furniture that might work well for this?Wrapping in a gun sock and putting it in a stuffed gym bag (who would want to rummage through that?)Putting it in a food storage container at the back of the pantry
gaming, If you were to play a game (coop or multiplayer) with a complete stranger(s) what things would you want to know about that person first that may change your mind?Currently I have a small list; age gender languages spoken location distance(ping).Im sure there are many more.Not all these things are things Id personally want to know but I was trying to consider what others may consider.
gaming, Question as per title.Ive looked around at the sites of Valve and Steam without finding it.
guns, Im looking at some parts from this website and I was hoping someone might have some experience with them. Any help is appreciated.
gaming, Hey guys Im wondering if there is an FPS that is similar to Crysis? Crysis 1 and Warhead were probably some of my favorite FPSes.  What I enjoyed was the open endedness of the levels combined with the customization of the weapons. It really gave a lot of options and had this feel that there were many ways to approach a situation. I played the Far Cry series and definitely enjoyed it but it didnt give me the same feeling Crysis did. Crysis just had this certain mystique from landing on the island and the atmosphere was amazing. The suits powers also gave another layer that I really enjoyed.
gaming, I can only get one of these at the moment. Which one should I get ?
gaming, Okay I know this is a longshot but I figured its worth a try. When I was a child the first computer my family got was a Packard-Bell with Windows 95. It came with a bunch of computer games but one of the games was a first person space age futuristic thing that I never understood much about but thought it was amazing at the time. I remember the graphics being so vivid and realistic. Unfortunately I was about 7 or 8 years old at the time and couldnt figure out any of the puzzles to to understand the game. I couldnt even leave the apartment that you wake up in at the beginning.So all I remember is that it was a futuristic first person game where you wake up in an apartment and it came with Packard Bell computers at the time. Anybody have a clue what Im talking about because Ive been wondering what it was for soooo long at this point.
gaming, i currently have a 75hz monitor and would like to upgrade to 144hz for christmas what are some good but reasonably priced monitors
gaming, I thought maybe it improved graphics but then someone told me it’s a separate thing from graphics? What exactly is FPS and what are the benefits of it?
guns, Context:I own a s&amp;w 642 that’s been in my safe for 2 to 3 years since I last used it at the range. I also believe I didn’t thoroughly clean it before putting it away for those years. I dug out my gun bag from my closet it’s also been buried there since for the same amount I last took my gun to the range. My gun bag still has all of my cleaning supplies inside it and I was wondering if it’s still ok to use it to clean my gun or will it do more harm than good?
gaming, Im getting a new monitor and want to connect my Xbox and computer to it. If I get a hdmi splitter will it affect the gameplay in anyway?
gaming, My housemates and I are looking for a enjoyable “pick up and play” type game to play for a couple hours here and there every day or so.  We all have moderately different game tastes; couple of us enjoy shooters enjoy civ dota 2 etc. Any suggestions are appreciated!
gaming, * Exercise (lift weights and cardio)* Learn different fighting style* Drive/Hijack train* Mini games using cop car ambulance low rider firetrucks and truck.* Map size* Dance in clubs* Gamble?* Girlfriends* Jetpack* Apache* Army response when 5 star wanted* Arcade* Play pool/billiards* Steal from a houseEDIT: Added Arcade pool/billiards and steal from a house.
guns, My dad is okay with taking me to a shooting range we shoot a pistol. I want some good books or some way to get to know guns. Any suggestions?
gaming, 1. Aus TVs have refresh rates of 50 or 100 Hz while US TVs are 60 or 120 Hz. Does that mean my Australian Wii U was outputting 50fps to my Aus TV and it will be unable to output 60 fps to my US TV? I use HDMI ofc.2. Will I be able to access the Australian eShop from the US? There are still a bunch of to be released virtual console titles which Id like to buy. I dont mind the higher prices of the Aus eShop as long as I can buy them.3. Is the Wii U power supply universal? I looked this up and people say the power adapter is marked as only 120 or 240 (I dont have the Wii U on me to check long story) but that it seems to work without a voltage converter like the PS3.I know the discs are region-locked.
gaming, I’ve never played a Rainbow Six game but I’ve heard good things about the game and am curious if it still holds up gameplay-wise now. I am a big FPS fan and have played other Tom Clancy games but never a Rainbow Six. Is this game worth it?
guns, My grandfather had an old Mossberg 500 12 gauge but it has a bit of an issue. I went shooting the other day and brought it along. After a few shots misfired I looked around on the gun and realized that the trigger guard assembly had kind of moved down rotating at the pin. I just took out the trigger guard assembly and realized I have no idea what Im looking for. Could anyone help me figure out whats wrong with this gun? I can post pictures if needed. Sorry if this isnt the place to seek help for this I dont go on reddit very often so if this isnt the right place please point me to the right place. Thanks
gaming, My setup is 2x 32” 1080p@60 Monitor was the second and third and the Acer Predator x34 in the center (34” 3440x1440@100).I get decent frame rates from my 1080TI but while streaming my frames drop. The CPU is not at 100% so I figure the GPU is being taxed by the other two monitors. Can I offboard those two monitors onto say a 1070 in the second card slot? Any help would be appreciated.
gaming, It has been nearly 4 years since club penguin was shut down for good.
guns, Hey guys I just got a vortex venom and Im having a hell of a hard time reinstalling the battery cap back on over the 1632 battery (dumb I know). The second I put the cover over the battery and try to screw it back on the cap wobbles out of place. Yet it threads on fine when the battery is not underneath. Im worried if I keep up at this rate Im going to crossthread it. Is the battery supposed to snap into place. Any suggestions or is there something else Im missing? Thanks in advance
gaming, There was a game released in 2009. Its name was Ashes cricket 09. It was a great game back then but the codemasters closed online servers because of piracy and other reasons...it doesnt have any LAN feature.. Now WE want some help from game programmers or idk what to call them...can you add LAN feature in the  game so that we could play it on Tunngle or himachi etcThanks Maybe i can pay some bucks too.
gaming, I know its not a game its self but just that kind of game where everyone is talking and hanging out
guns, Maybe a dumb question but.. Fuckit.I have a huge road construction ahead sign and wonder if there is a safe distance to shoot it with 9mm and 22lr. Both hp and fmj.I know its not an ideal target vs treated AR500 steel and maybe more dangerous at closer distances but just wondered if anyone knew or had a reference to what distance would be safe with something like this. Thanks for your time.
guns, Hey so I have a PTR 9CT (MP5 Clone) and Im wondering how I can remove and replace the front iron sight housing. Im unsure of how to do it and havent found many resources on doing it. Im trying to replace them with a housing with the top portion missing so I can have my optic lowered.
guns, Any techniques to find a  good spot to shoot your guns that isn’t a shooting range or private property ?
gaming, One mod that stands out for me was a mod that filled Los Santos with water and forced everyone to get to higher ground -- GTA 5.  tap into your memory and try and recall the best mods youve ever experienced in any game!
gaming, Ok so I know how to change audio without hurting gameplay but when I change a background or sprite it crashes am I doing it wrong or something?  And I know how to use paxplode and packer and when I pack the pak that weird stuff happens.  My purpose is to change Studio Styxs Final Fight Rsvival Rage and make it Kung Fu Panda.
gaming, Off the top of my head I can think of CS:GO and FighterZ theres probably more fighting games that also have permanent ranking
gaming, This is the smoothest mmo launch Ive played despite big queues and the game is extremely polished. Dunno why it hasnt been reviewed more.
gaming, Those of you who played through Conkers Bad Fur Day probably cannot unsee the image of that chunky weasel taking a shit behind a rock while the skinny one mistakes the poor Elephant for a Red Squirrel.I was thinking about creating an animation in Cinema 4D that remasters the chunky weasel and his legendary shit. Here is how it plays out..The camera is focused on a boulder hiding enough of the weasel for it to be palletable. You can see his snout wiggling a bit as he struggles through what is left of his bowel movement. After a few seconds he stands back up lets out a few groans and walks forward aligning with the camera and leaning against the rock. He concludes the introduction by saying the famous quote Theres nothing quite like a good shit! .While he says that Good Shit Media fades into view above the weasel and in front of the rock. The introduction ends and the scene fades out.I wonder what Chris Seavor would say on Twitter if one of his fans showed that animation off to him on a regular day.
gaming, Ive gotten so many freebies over the last few years and I like to buy into some Early Access games that look interesting.  These days Im flipping back and forth between things I want to try checking out new updates and things I want to keep playing...  I rarely actually play anything to completion anymore.Its exhausting!  So glad to have this medium to keep me entertained though.  :)
gaming, I want to find a game where I need to farm to make itens and skil trees.I have beeing searching until now and didnt find anything if you have sugestion leave it in the comments pls.
gaming, Personally I say souls like even though Im not a big fan of the genre myself
gaming, Not sure if this has been posted before but here goes:My GF has two kids a girl of 7 and a boy of 4. Being a gamer Id like to share that enjoyment with the kids. I have an HDMI cable that hooks the TV up to my Desktop to play Netflix on (Paw Patrol yaaaay...) and Im considering investing in pair of Logitech F710s to have some living room fun with the pair of them. However Ive come to the realization that my games library is rather uhm... child un-friendly... (Witcher Dragon Age Assassins Creed etc..). So Ive come to ask you guys for some help. Which games on Steam/Origin/GoG/etc.. would you recommend for children 4+ 7+ or as family-friendly local co-op? Ive got both Lego Harry Potters and I have Trine 2. Any others? :D
gaming, I cant remember the name of an old game and I cant remember what its called. I cant remember much of it but it opens with a cowboy getting of a train and jumping on some kids pet spider. There is then a option to jump on the spider again get back on the train and leave. Does anyone remember this?
guns, Anyone have any experience using the adjustable bolt carriers? Gemtech bootleg any others? Already watched a ton of reviews. Just want some firsthand feedback of anyone has used them.
gaming, Anyone able to offer any advice to recover hacked EA accounts? Customer service is appalling...your account has been hacked? Sure log into your account and well fix this...dumbass company. I cannot reset my security details and there is a bogus number on the account so I cant get call back...I could really do with a contact number
gaming, I get so excited when I get a chance to actually play games these days. Between work kid girlfriend I feel like I never have the time. Dont take games for granted guys.
gaming, I was a big PC gamer back then when the PC actually had their own games and developers actually made games for just the PC or most games started as a PC then  got PORTED console. Now it just seems like every PC game is just a console port or an after though to console game.
guns, What are your guys’ favorite ways to store a plate carrier battle belt and helmet?
gaming, Im playing high on life and when I move my camera sometimes it freezes and then keeps working. So I can play better does anyone know how to get rid of the lag? Or at least make it better?
gaming, Hey guys I am trying to remember this game I used to play in the 90’s it was this 2D arcade type game with a 3D back ground and you had to run to the right of the screen to change “pages”. It was set in outer space and your team mate that had been captured by the aliens was in a pod you had to battle increasingly difficult waves to bring him back to base and when you did he usually said something like “I no like de bugs” you could also upgrade your base defences and you had to constantly run back to the left of your screen to refill your oxygen tank from a plant out the back of the base can anyone help me with the name of it ?
gaming, I have a friend that asked and begged his mom for a pc for christmas. She was looking at a $900 prebuilt on BestBuy. I told her that I could build a better one for the same price or build it the same way for less (at the time). Well christmas time comes around and she still went ahead and got the BestBuy pc. He only plays flash games on it and uses his xbox and ps4 for everything else. Tells me he prefers first person shooters on console. What. The. Heck.
guns, I was looking at the Samson stock for my 10/22 and was wondering if the optional front sight with the kit needs the notch for a standard front sight? I got a cheap one that came with a barrel that didnt have a front sight or a slot in it to put one.Its just an El cheapo 10/22 that I got for $100 at a going out of business sale. Im going to be replacing probably everything but the receiver sooner or later so Im just asking if I need to move the new barrel to a higher place on the list (already replaced the trigger). For usage this ones just going to be plinking and maybe occasionally pest control which is why Im bothering with iron sights (the kits rear sight actually has a picatinny rail so I could put a red dot on it later if I fell like it).I want to start customizing with something cheap like this so I know what Im doing later. My only other exposure to customizing was putting attachments on an AR15s M-lok handguard.
gaming, Hai /r/gaming! Last night I made a post on /r/halo about making this upcoming weekend a Halo experience weekend. Do you remember those fun times on Halo 3? Halo 2? Halo? Halo Reach? Now if you go on Halo 3 the matchmaking is dead your friends who host those fun custom games arent on and all you do now is play with a small amount of people in matchmaking and forge maps by yourself.But what I want to do is ask everyone who has played Halo or still has the game Halo to go get back on it this weekend to make the matchmaking live and get those people who have every single fun custom map ever made on Halo 3. I miss those days and I think you do too. So what do you say? I choose next weekend to give everyone a week to plan their weekend out. Buy the game if you dont have it still get a mic if yours is broken tell everyone so the matchmaking is active and live arrange things with your job so you can play halo that weekend instead of working and any other reason you need to prepare for this weekend.I mainly want to target this towards Halo 3 but hey if you wanna do lan parties or such you can do those too on Halo 2.So this upcoming week make the matchmaking more alive and have fun!
guns, Has anyone here owned or used a Salix arms gun? Im looking at getting a 12 gauge over-under made by them but Ive never heard of them nor know anyone who has. Just want to know if theyre a good brand. Thanks in advance
gaming, I have been looking for a website or something that will give me complete dialogue scripts for games. I am looking specifically for NieR:Automata and any of the Danganronpa games. I am trying to learn Japanese and would really like to look over the scripts for reading comprehension. Thank you in advance!
gaming, I dont know where to complain about this really but I figured gaming would be a good start because the company sells gaming glasses. I grabbed a pair around the time of Black Friday because I work in an environment with bright annoying flloro lights and I really want a yellow tinted glass solution. I know I can buy comparable glasses for dogshit on the dollar but I splurged for a pair of Performers when they were reasonably priced (Black Friday) and not priced at their ridiculous premiums.I havent received my package. It hasnt shipped theres no activity on the order page (it has the nerve to have 2 fields for order packed up and order shipped similar to Valves Steam Deck order process. Except in GMGs case nobody is working on the fucking package.I emailed their tech support and got a dumbass reply that was never followed up on nobody is responding to my emails. Their phone support is based on Mars or something its never open and just forwards you to a voicemail for a private phone.Wtf?
gaming, I’ve always been confused why games like Fallout: New Vegas and Call of Juarez: The Cartel qualify as western games despite them not being set in a time period where things like showdowns duels horse riding and classic cowboy attire - were more natural
guns, Hey guys. Ive read the faq and couldn’t really find a link to a good gun that can be used for hunting. I don’t know too much about guns but i want a 30-06 caliber (could change if you offer another replacement) i have access to a range with up to 150 yards i want it to have a good scope (if it doesn’t come with one link one please) and also just some tips on how to use and maintain it. I know this is a lot to ask but thank you!Edit: forgot to mention it is going to be used for deer and elk hunting mostly. Maybe bigger things later on.And im also trying not to break the bank. After the gun a hard case a scope (if not provided) +75 for rangecleaning kit ammo etc i want the total to be less that 800$
guns, Looking for a safe place to stash a gun in a couple of strategic places inside my house.  Not sure that I really want it to lock or just be something boring enough that nobody will care or look at it.  We dont have small kids in the house.  Although a biometric lock box isnt out of the question.  Needs to be something that can be grabbed quickly.  Combo and especially key locks are out of the question.Something I considered is something that looks like electronics.  I have a shelf of stereo equipment.  Several pieces.  I could add a dummy piece to the stack and it would just look like it belongs with the rest of the stuff (CD tape deck turntable yes I have those things in my component stereo hah).  I could always gut an old DVD player or something....What do you use?
gaming, Why could they not at least make it so that if a game was installed on the Xbox one then it would need DRM to play but if you had the disk in it would be able to be played? So then you could play off line if you did not have internet for some reason and also you could share the game but still no more then the first user could ever have it installed on a system.
guns, If anyone’s interested lmk!
gaming, I got both the first game and Infinite. I want to beat the first one before starting the third so I can appreciate the series more. What are things I should look (out) for when playing the first game to get appreciate the game better?Thanks.
guns, So I recently bought a new to me bolt action rifle.  Im wondering if it was a good deal or not.  Im not planning on arguing if you tell me I fed up.  Im not here to defend the purchase just some more information.The gun is a Model 70 with a stainless barrel and synthetic stock.  Its chambered in 270 WSM.  I know its post 2007 because it has the pre-64 action in it.  Not actually a pre-64 but when they attempted to replicate the pre-64 action.  It also came with a weaver grand slam 3-9x40.  Before tax it was $575.  Good deal or did the LGS pull a fast one on me?
gaming, Id been using a LucidSound LS20 headset with my PS4. The reviews were great and everyone raved about the sound quality. However i wasnt that enamoured by them and recently got a pair of the aforementioned Sonys. Wow amazing little pair of headphones great sound the in-line microphone works perfectly and they have basic noise cancelling. Theyre wired but for £35 from Amazon you really cant go wrong. Recommended if youre on a budget.
gaming, Im wondering if I should buy Dishonored or Bioshock Infinite due to my birthday coming up soon.  Its a tough choice for me because I love stealth games but I also love the Bioshock franchise.  What does Reddit think?
gaming, Hello guys lets start a discussion i’m interested about what is the worst purchase u ever made as being a “gamer”?I’ll start about a year ago arma 3 apex (DLC) was on sale. Like 30$ instead of 60$ (I’m not sure about the price if its 60/45)It’s like a really big expansion for the game: new factionweaponmap etc…The only thing is that I thought it adds a “mini campaign” to the original campaign and some nice scenarios but the truth is that only a few scenarios and they are very simple and short without much story about.So at the end I can say i barely spent 10hours on a 30$ expansion. 🤷🏾‍♂️
gaming, Ive enjoyed games like Blazing Angels and Secret Weapons over Normandy but it seems like these types of games arent particularly popular. Ive played War Thunder and its ok are there any games Im missing out on?
guns, What’s the difference between sig mcx m4 and it’s variants and hk 416?
gaming, I know this is probably an old question but if I have bought the battle pass for one season and didnt complete the battle pass will I still get the rewards that I didnt get to unlock?
gaming, Ive been invading for an hour or 2 a day for a week to try and get this mound makers business done with and Jesus I’m so over it. Every single time you get mobbed by 3 people I’m so sick of it. I can now see why people complain about online dependent trophies so much because this is just ass.Every person I run into is carrying 3 weapons parrys has a dagger spells uses the second life spell. I’m not into the pvp at all I just play these games for the pve and if you don’t study builds and have tons of tools and consumables you don’t stand a chance.I was only a few things away from the platinum that being the covenant rewards but I think I’m over it it’s become a total waste of time and I don’t wana have to completely learn some new meta and all that for a spell and a ring or whatever I’m missing.
gaming, I want you get the Mortal Kombat 11 Ultimate Add-On Bundle but I want to wait until it goes on sale on Xbox. Does anyone know when sales could happen? Are there any good websites that can let you know in advance?
guns, I purchased a Remmington 870 with a grip and adjustable stock to use for 3 gun competition.  I dont know anything about shotguns and sort of bought it without doing my research.  There is some land that a guy will let me hunt in a shotgun only area.  Is this a bad idea?
gaming, All with a smaller budget and a smaller dev team were they able to capture everything that Anthem tried to be. Loot leveling flying killing gigantic beasts and an amazing soundtrack. On all seriousness the games are completely different haha but for some reason RoR2 made me think “wow this is an amazing experience and it isn’t even a AAA title” and then drew some comparisons to Anthem. Y’all should check it out!
gaming, So if EA gets on the stage it would be amazing if the entire crowd booed them off stage they don’t deserve a spotlight.
guns, I apologize if this is a stupid or repeated question but can anybody confirm or deny if the Eotech G45 5x magnifier works with the XPS2 models? On the site it says that it’s compatible with all HWS models but says nothing about the XPS2. Thank you for the help and sorry if it’s a dumb question as this would be my first time buying an Eotech!
guns, Just curious as to what everyone prefers and why.
gaming, Looking to get into Pokemon again and seen a lot of you tubers play “nuzlokes” and randoms how can I access these on pc? Any help will be massively welcomed look really interesting
gaming, So I have an idea for a game but this is like in the very very early stage of me thinking about it. Ive always wanted to do this and I wanted to know if I should make it by myself or have a team. But the problem I see with a team is that the ideas might get leaked so if I should trust people enough to have a team. I was thinking on asking if anyone was interested in my idea and be a part of it but then I wasnt sure if I should just trust like that. Maybe Im just overthinking it but basically Im asking for advice since Im a young developer (Im 20)and I have a computer degree but I still havent touched any game engine yet. Any recommendations on how to approach game developing as indie or with a team what challenges there are will be very very much appreciated. ☺🤗
gaming, I wanna get a few more games before I stop adding onto my Xbox collection and then after I finish with them move on to a next gen console. Those games are: GTA 5 BF 4 The Stick of TruthAre there any other coming games I should be looking into?I figure by the time I finish up the story lines to those games it should allow enough time to see if the Xbox One or PS4 is a pile of shit or not.Im currently leaning toward a PS4 which is crazy for me. Ive always been an Xbox guy and before that I was a Nintendo kid. Ive never had real experience with a PS4 and still prefer the XB1s approach to other content besides games. But that damn big brother stuff with the Kinect bugs the shit outta me.I guess Im still on the fence for next gen...
guns, Need some advice. Picked up a Q Sugar Weasel in 300 Blackout looking to add an optic for quick target acquisition within 100 yards. Red dot would be awesome but are typically a no go for me due to astigmatism LVPO on my 5.56 AR and love it.. but it’s heavy (Vortex Razor Gen II). I want to keep this rig fairly light sold my UH-1 gen 1 because I was offered a silly amount. I had no issues with the holographic reticle still a little heavy in my opinion. Need some suggestions thanks in advance.
gaming, I don’t care about your opinion story wise on both of these games I just want your opinion on the visuals.
gaming, Several of the Final Fantasy games are on sale on Steam right now so I feel like its the best time to pick at least one of them up. Which game should I get?Ive never played a Final Fantasy game before so I feel like I have a rare opportunity to experience one of them without having anything spoiled. I lied slightly in the title of this post. The only games I know *something* about are XIII X X-2 XIV and VIII because of the Spoony videos. But even then I only know what he shows and talks about in those series. Also I have a feeling youre going to steer me toward some of the earlier games anyway.Ive always heard great things about VII and that its one of the best games ever. Apparently it has been spoiled all over the internet but Ive been lucky enough to avoid all that so Id be going into it completely blind.**The games currently on sale on Steam are:*** XIII-2* XIII* VIII* VII* IV* III* The Last RemnantLet me know if theres anything that will make recommending a game easier (like other games Im a fan of stuff like that).**Thanks!!** ^And ^please ^no ^spoilers ^:)
guns, Picked up a 1 cubic foot fireproof safe. It’s obviously made with drywall to make it fireproof. I had read reviews online about moisture being a problem but figured I’d give it a shot. Well I went 2 weeks without opening it and when I did the papers and things I had in there were noticeably damp. Keep in mind it’s the middle of winter so it’s not even very humid out. Will the silica packets help? Or am I better off just tossing it and getting a gun cabinat that won’t retain moisture? Thanks!
gaming, So ive been using the GTA Garage website for around ten years or so. Its where I and a lot of the modding community got its mods from for the 3D era of GTA (III Vice City San Andreas). Ive had no issues whatsoever but now it gave me malware when I tried to access the website. I cleaned my computer a week before and I even whipped out my old family 2002 XP laptop which has never been used and it gave that malware too. Is anyone else getting these issues? Every time I try to download a file now it gives me malware.GTA Garage hosts pretty much the majority of mods for the 3D era and a lot of (stolen from GTA4Mods and GTA5Mods) current mods. I dont want this integral part of modding history to die out due to this I hope to God this is just an issue on my end.Please help.
gaming, Hello GamersI asked this question on Twitter and got some decent feedback figured I would ask here.Im building a mobile 2D platformer. Huge fan of platformers. Historically most of these games levels go left to right. I have levels that go left to right up to down and down to up. Im considering adding in levels that go right to left...Im curious how gamers feel about this? Would this be bad be interesting be annoying or just weird?thanks for any feedback!
gaming, So I was watching Forsens stream (should that be of any help) and I saw him play a game where he took turns being a ghost and a human. As human he had to survive/escape and as ghost you had to capture humans. The ghosts I saw were a little baby doll? and a rat in a tracksuit. Yea this game sounds weird but it looked really cool anyone know what game this is?
gaming, Never been much into gaming but now trying to out stuff. Always been a mac user don’t know a lot about windows. What would be some good gaming laptops? A bit of more emphasis on lasting hardware(I cant buy or setup a pc because not only I do not have enough funds but I need a device that I can carry around)
gaming, Youre supposed to get into the room get to the side door leave the area then come back through the side-door to take out the lava scales and the scale furnace without the boss the Boiling Lizard catching you.I didnt get to the side door before it caught me.I am ten levels above where I should be and the stupid fucking asshole still wipes my team in two turns.I fucking hate Golden Lair.
gaming, For me it was resorting to non-stop leg sweeps to win in Mortal Kombat.
guns, Hello fellasFor the life of me I cant find the detailed pictures of the new ffp reticles for the meopta optika 6 ffp 1-6 scope. Does anyone of you have them?I know there is one on a thread on snipers hide forum but I cant view it. For whatever reason my account creation was denied (maybe for not being in the US?) Thanks
guns, Recently purchased an Eotech Xps 2-0 and Im getting some bad starburst. I was under the impression that it is astigmatism but a few other red dots (cheap holosun and trijicon) I tried also werent that great. The local stores dont have a lot of options I can try so small sample size but none of them worked really. I do remember that the doctor allowed me to choose between 1.5 and 1.75 for my glasses and I picked 1.5 it is not a huge difference and my glasses work pretty well in daily life so I was wondering if that would even make a difference? I was really hoping that it isnt just astigmatism and I wont have to rule out like 90% of the optic options. Should I just bring the scope to a walmart and test it out there lol?&amp;#x200B;It is kind of like this image but a bit worse.
gaming, I personally am not a fan of them for one simple reason. There is no goal no end point nothing for me to aim for no endgame no storyIts my idea of hell what exactly is the point of playing a game that has no progression or goal other than those thought of by the player; it seems illogicalIts why i find it EXTREMELY difficult to play games like Minecraft. Once youve beaten the End Dragon Wither and maybe the Warden whats the point in continuing?
gaming, I have been thinking about getting into this genre.  I have both current gen consoles.  What are a couple games to checkout to see if I would be fully interested in continuing to play games like this.  For context I was watching vids of Midnight suns and was curious but those are not my normal type of games and don’t want to spend full price to find out it’s not for me.  Thanks
gaming, I just felt like saying this. I just started 4 after beating the first 3 in two days and I can honestly say these games are amazing. Naughty dog plz make more. Last of us part 2 sooner?
gaming, What game have you guys been playing this week?
gaming, What game has the best soundtrack and what game has the best single?
gaming, &gt;Spawn into game take part in the running simulator&gt;Get good loot start the running simulator again to repeatedly find food/water &gt;Continue looting and get shot by a chinese hacker
gaming, Is there a voice actor that youre just sick of? Whether it be because you think theyre overrated? Or theyre just in too many things? Or you just cant take them seriously? For me it has to be Patrick Warburton. I started Tales from the Borderlands last night (finally) and I just cant take the character of Vasquez seriously because of Patricks voice. He is at this point so recognizable that I just dont like hearing him speak. He also never seems to do anything to change his voice at all. It feels like boring line rehearsal when he talks to me.
gaming, Bought it today for my PS4 insert install update try to start the game freezes on the very first screen.Then I search google and see lots of other people having freezing issuesIs exchanging it for a different copy at gamestop going to produce any positive results? Because right now I really dont want to ever put another copy of it in my system.Should I try to exchange it for something else or what? Is it just certain copies?Edit: when it freezes the only option is to cut the power. cant turn off or reset (tapping the power button does not work neither does holding it.)
guns, Haven’t really wanted to spend the money on a tonneau cover for my F-150 yet but I use the bed of my truck often for chairs coolers footballs etc in a busy downtown area (visiting friends who have pools on their condo roofs). As I watch down I always see people looking it the backs of trucks but I’ve recently left probably around 300-400 spent rounds (9mm 45acp 5.56) in the bed and have literally watched people look in the bed and walk right away haha. Definitely makes me laugh. For those in a similar situation might try giving it a shot!
guns, So I have a choice between a Davidson Defense .556 BCG NB finish and Sons Of Liberty Gun Works .556 BCG phosphate. Which is the better of the two?
guns, Like so many people lately Ive started looking at the stock market for the first time.I wanted to look at some firearms companies but the only ones Ive been able to find are Ruger (RGR) Winchester (WCHS) and Smith &amp; Wesson (SWBI). I was wondering if yall knew the stock symbols for any other firearm companies?I realise this might not be the best time to buy but Id like to at least be able to add them to a watch list.
gaming, If you have had both which did you like more and why?
gaming, I built a new gaming rig recently and still havent been able to find a game that can truly use the power of my GTX1080 and 27 predator monitor. I mainly like to play CSGO and Dota2. Been eyeing monster hunter but just cant pull the trigger on such an expensive game. Any other recommendations? Im really looking forward to Anthemn but thats really it. Looking for non-shooters im neutral on storyline games. Thanks.
gaming, As the title suggests I recently purchased a Nintendo Switch OLED. This was my most recent Nintendo console since the original 3DS came out. I was super excited to see where all my favorite series had ended up since I had been out of the loop for a few years.And I gotta say… I’m not thrilled with my purchase. So far I have Pokémon Legends: Arceus BOTW and Super Mario Odyssey. All of them outstanding games in their own way. Okay Arceus was kinda ass but it was a cool concept and I don’t entirely regret buying it.But for Odyssey and BOTW they were outstanding. However I feel like they lack… substance. For me personally playing on the switch everything feels like a mobile game. The controls are kinda loose the graphics are iffy and sometimes it lags doing simple things. Especially BOTW a game that’s been out for around 5 years now. I would still give it a 9.5/10 but that’s only because the world and story are so amazing.If this was a 300 dollar console I wouldn’t feel so strongly about this. But the OLED Switch isn’t a cheap console. It costs more than a Series S and the *only* benefit is mobility. The exclusives are fun but not many of them are worth 60 dollars in my opinion. Any game I see for the Switch I would rather play on another console if possible. So that only leaves the exclusives and they’re lack luster so far…
gaming, Desktop specs:ryzen 5 26008 gb ramrx 570 8gbseasonic 520 Wmsi b450 gaming plusthe problem is: my graphic card shows a white led flashing... this happens sometimes and i dont know whyIn the graphics card manual it says something like that: abnormal power supply...what should i do?
gaming, Is there any site that collectively keeps track of stats in individual games? Im looking at seeing my overall record across my gaming career. Was wondering if this was possible?(i.e. Madden 15-Madden16 Fifa 15Fifa 16 CoD BLOPS123 BF4 etc.)
gaming, The wanna buy a new keyboard. Any recommendations?
gaming, We have never gamed before and might enjoy trying out an online game. It should not be a shooter or racing cars etc. Maybe some sort of exploration or detective (like with clues) or something mild?TIA
gaming, He is wasting his time at Rev3games. Those people are terrible I wish he had his own channel or brand. He has the name he could do it. Love him or hate him he is good for the Industry hes intelligent enough to not sound like a Fanboy when he speaks and he is clear and concise. If we are ever going to break the stigma of what it actually means to be a gamer we are going to need him in our corner and Rev3 is counter productive to that. Just my opinion of course.
gaming, Who takes it
gaming, I want to get one but I am not sure which.  Two wildly different games sure but I have enjoyed each of the predecessors for both of them.  Which one provides the most content and fun factor.  Also are there multiple save files for Forza?  My friend isnt able to get the game yet and I dont want to get it and have beaten the game when we play CO-OP.
gaming, New World had so much promise but after playing it its extremely obvious what its lacking. Believe it or not I quite enjoyed the need to go out harvesting to level it then crafting junk to level it. The combat was fine and while it wasnt as enjoyable as The Witcher 3 I found it was fairly dynamic with the Spear/Rapier combo and much better than the Elder Scrolls series. The thing is every other design decision seemed to be aimed against players having fun. Fast Travel? Rare Currency. Storage Space? Limited. Solution to both are houses but guess what? Property Taxes. Gold? Income is basically nil if you arent doing the limited Main/Side quests or the Endgame PVP.So what I ask of you fellow gamers is if you know of a game with dynamic active combat a grindy harvest/craft skilling system with a system that is conducive to both.
gaming, I now must face the rest of the holidays gameless. I was hoping to spend the next few days with Endless Legend. RIP my old gaming friend
gaming, I just bought a new TV (Samsung QE55Q70R) and it only supports HDMI 2.0b. Will this be enough for the PS5? It can do max 4K 60Hz. Do you think many games will run at 4K 120Hz? Also can someone clarify this? Will VRR Auto Low Latency and HDR dynamic metadata work on this TV. Thanks a lot for feedback.
gaming, I realize there is a ton of hate for this game. If you dont like it not a big deal. I get it. I genuinely enjoy it though. I understand the dislike for the open world sandbox thing and all that but overall I really enjoy it.
gaming, I have the hyper x stingers and the plastic mic has got broken  but the wire inside is keeping it together. Ive been wrapping tape arond it but it tends to break easily. I need some advice or products to help me get a more permanent solution to this problem. If anyone can help please do so.
guns, I live in California and it is very liberal about this sort of thing. (Read: I dont tell friends that I carry).I am clearly an outlier here.Need advice or support.
gaming, Right now I have a 65 projection tv. Its old and both HDMI ports are broken.I was about to buy a 70 vizio the e701i-a3 from Walmart for $1500 but when I was looking up vizio people were complaining about input lag. Thats one of the reasons Im tired of the projection tv I own. It takes my character a full second to move after I press forward on my Xbox 360 controller.I was wondering if anyone had a good tv with low input lag or if this is a good model. Im hoping for a size of 65 or 70 and cost between $1000-$1600.Thank you guys in advance!
gaming, So long story short my giant melon shaped head makes the standard Xbone headset is too small for my head to be comfortable enough to wear for longer periods of time. Im looking for a good headset to use for my Xbone and/or PS4 (It would be cool if it could work for both but if not oh well.). Prices under $100 would be great. I had turtle beach X31s and loved them so something similar to that would be fantastic. Doesnt have to be rechargeable.
gaming, Well I think its time to get a new rig for my gaming purposes.Dont get me wrong mine is just fine for now i7 2600K (I think that was the model) and a GTX 660Ti 12gb RAM. But I wanna gift this rig to my gf and get a new one so we can both game when we move in together next year. Lets say my budget is around 1000 US$ (I live in argentina). And I wanna get the best of it. My hardware preferences are towards Intel and Nvidia always. So Im probably thinking one of the last gen i7 a good gigabyte/asus mobo what Im not really sure about is the GPU Not sure if I should try some SLI action (never tried it before) or just get a single powerful card. Thoughts?
gaming, I have a pc and i have quickly discovered that over quarantine that i have literally no friends to play with lmao. I like fps rpgs survival games pretty much most games (aside from card games lol). Hmu if your down :)
gaming, Hello guys Im looking for a cheap microphone for gaming with my friends. I was looking at Razer Seiren Mini and Blue Snowball. Maybe you guys have any recommendations?
gaming, I cant tell if its a limited access thing or not will i still be able to play it after the 30th?
gaming, DCS is an intimidating game to learn with 600+ keybinds per aircraft it can seem impossible. But it’s one of the most fun games I’ve ever played. If you’d like to get into the game I would love to teach the basics. So if realistic flight sims are your thing hit me up.
gaming, Total war: Troy is free on the epic games store in 2 hours time for the following 24 hours. You get to keep the game forever after that.
gaming, The current one boasting 7 million members isnt really relevant anymore. Personally Id like to see a system similar to the one used in /r/soccer where they have a separate subreddit to submit and vote on different pictures that are current and relevant.
guns, Title says it all. I got about $800 to use for a CCW upgrade and I’ve found good sub $600 prices for both at a few shops around my area.I just can’t decide which to pursue. I’ve used a Gen 3 Glock 17 for about a year and I’m kinda sick of glocks as a whole.I’m intending to carry IWB due to my job and line of work. (Security)All feedback is greatly appreciated!
gaming, Morning all Ive been gaming all of my life but as of late Im really struggling to find a game that grabs me. I love sinking my teeth into games and grinding for example Ive currently been playing Valhiem Escape from Tarkov and world of Warcraft But I find myself getting bored very quickly. Does anyone have any recommendations? Is it me or do they not make games like they used to anymore :(Thanks in advance.
gaming, This is a hard one. Ive been trying to figure it out for a while now. I played this back when i was a kid about 7 years ago. It was a fantasy RPG game that was about you going through dungeons and killing shit with magic. I beleive it was 3d but I could be wrong. The main thing i remember most about it is the opening cutscene. It was naration over some door of evil opening and it showed these two guys who were i think playing cards truned into undead beings. It was on the PC and I downloaded it through a disk. Im sorry if this is too vague but please help. This is not good for my health to obsess over this
gaming, Just what it sounds like. Youre but a tiny little poop making its journey through the vast lands known as the digestive system. While you go on your journey you also get to learn all about the poop creating process. What fun!
gaming, Im looking for games like dishonored and thief it does NOT have to be steampunk like those ones it can be almost any genre. However Im looking for something like a first person or third person it does not have to be open world I just want a dark and gritty atmospheric fucked up world to play in if anyone knows good ones please let me know thanks
gaming, So Im looking for a fun game let it be any genres where you can work together with players building/achieving something thats going to last.
gaming, Preferably in person
gaming, Okay let me start this post by saying i enjoy pc and console infact i just started grtting in pc last year but why do people think cosole is better overall pc has much more to offer. Just wondering i still enjpy playing console because it has save data.
gaming, I might fail NNN bois... Its been a pleasure surviving with you.
guns, How does it shoot? Other than the Browning Hi-Power I am trying to obtain this one and a Springfield SA-35; I already have the FEG PJK clone. I know they are pretty hard to get so that says something.
gaming, Hello Im trying to figure out how to update the firmware on the Razer Thresher Xbox one(not ultimate).
gaming, Hello /r/gaming I need help. I recently decided I wanted to play fallout because i have heard amazing things about the series but I dont know which one to play. I am currently trying to decide now between 3 and NV.I will either get the GOTY version of either or the base version of both(because I dont want to spend to much money right now)Please help me :D EDIT: Ive decided on NV first and 3 later Thanks for all your responses they were helpful :)
gaming, so Im a very creative person. i love doing things like drawing coding drawing drawing and drawing... ANYWAYS i also love animals and would like to know if there is any games out there that let you create your own animals and do things like make environments for them etc. help will be appreciated :) (dont say the game spore since i have played it and it was alright but not really the best)
gaming, I want to upgrade my pc gaming setup since im on a trip to America but i don’t know what to buy. I’ve already got : a keyboard a mice a mic and a pc. Im also searching for decoration. What should i buy ?
gaming, Its a homage to the 90s with a intresting plotskateboards and very good acting I highly recomend it.
guns, I have a Springfield 1903A1 as well as an A3. I am considering attaching a period correct scope to the 1903A1. I appreciate older firearms but am not a hardcore collector. I will not own a firearm I am not willing to shoot and am not concerned about losing value. I’m curious what thoughts suggestions and opinions you all have. Would this be a travesty or a better way to enjoy an old war horse?
gaming, Anyone else looking forward to Grid 2 release on May 31st?
gaming, I’ve been debating for a few days on me getting the XSX or PS5 I’ve been a PlayStation person all my life but for next gen i possibly wanna make the move to xbox because of gamepass and all the variety of games they have plus it looks appealing to me for some reason I love the ps5 I’ve played my friends consoles on multiple occasions but I don’t know it’s hard choosing because on PlayStation all my friends are on there and once I get a xbox I’m not going to be able to play with them unless it’s a game that’s cross play Xbox has some nice features as well like quick resume backwards compatibility with different 360 games like skate 3 and for some reason the xbox controller feels really good in hand compared to thee ps5 controller imo the ps4 controller is better minus the features that the dual sense has it feels better.I also wanna try something new i need help any advice will highly be appreciated:))
guns, I live in maine and am wondering what the legal status of the dsa sa58 fal pistol i cant find much information on it i was wondering if it is actually considered a pistol or if its even legal to buy and own.
guns, I keep being told to build but i have no idea where to start or what i would need. I want an ar in 300 blackout. Ive already got a mini so I dont really want another 556 rifle.  Am i really better to build or should i just buy? If I build what all would i need? What about an 80% lower?  Sorry folks but ars are a new world to me. ( trying to stay less than 600 if its possible. Not trying to make a precision rifle or anything.  Just a fun range gun)
guns, Currently I have an inforce wml white/ir and while honestly the light has been treating me well I want something brighter and also with a pressure pad to make my rifle more ambidextrous. I know surefire has the vampire series but I was wondering if anyone out there had any good options for the ~300 or less range for me to look at. I am willing to go higher but I would hope that any more expensive options are very very blinding. Thanks for your time!
gaming, So um... I have one Wireless controller and one Bluetooth controller. But in games and other settings they are displayed as three controllers called Wireless Controller and two controllers called NBS or NGB or NGS or something like that. I wouldnt mind if this didnt makr any problem BUT two of three Wireless controllers are blank and hotkeys cant ne assigned and one bluetooth one is normal while the other one has some settings as default for X A B and Y and new hotkeys cant be assigned as well where if that controller is set up it cant be used. So yeah okay I gotta gamble which controller will. work when im setting them up. Okay im not. lazy to do. iy but how. about games that set the controllers. on random. And those where only two. controllers or 4 are allowed to be plug in. Or games without controllers. settings. Its actually pretty big deal. Google didnt help so. Im here to ask for helo. hoe do I remove. those 3 useless. controllers if you dont know share this post with someone who knows or  knows someone who knows. Im brokeass and dont have money for new controllers but I have two lowkey controllers in my desk for dark times and they work perfectly. One controllers equals one controller for them. Help pls
gaming, Borderlands is bottom tier comedy man. I know people are tired of rick and morty but come on man
gaming, So how you guys like paying 50$ for 16 generic CoD maps?(Your Opinions On Dlc)
guns, I turned 18 and Ive been wanting to purchase my first rifle but Ive seen contradicting information about the minimum age requirement. Some places Ive seen its 18 others Ive seen its 21. What is the actual minimum age that I can buy I rifle? Gotta love the left coast!
gaming, Gaming is evolving into the next generation. For some busy gamers a Vita is a viable option these days. The ability to take some of their console games from the PS3 to the more portable system may be the biggest draw. A 3DS also has its appeal for a gamer on the go. The bigger question is who has the best deal on one of the systems? Should gamers just wait till Black Friday? The AAA Nintendo titles are more than enough reason to purchases a 3DS but Sony’s continued support of free games on PS+ as well as the releases for the rest of the year should give gamers more reasons to buy a Vita.
gaming, * AMD phenom 3.4 ghz quad core processor* 6 gig ram* 120 gig SSD* HDD 1TB * 160 gig velocia raptor  * 1GB ATI Radeon HD 6700
gaming, I dont know bout you guys but in my opinoin  i see that SEA server is the most noisiest and the most TOXIC in all server out there i dont get why people always try to prove themself and then throw salt all over the player thats perform of course in any sever there is always player that can be easily tilt or getting salty but SEA sever gatter the most of that kind. I cant do anything to change it it just wanna lets you guys know my opinion so that you guys dont get excited when playing in this server i mean in every game ! ( glad im moving to EU finding a new hope i guess? )
gaming, Im gonna buy a gaming laptop and im really confused betweem two choices. Should i buy the alienware m15 r5 or the razer blade 14. In the alienware subreddit this laptop gota lotaaa problems so if i buy it theres a pretty high chance that it would come with some kinda issue. But the good thing is if i take it to a dell shop i could send it back and get it fixed.On the other side if i buy a razer its really nice it rarely has as much issues as an alienware and its perfomance is off the charts. But thing is well atleast ive heard that there are no dedicated shops to give the razer lap and send it back for repair or anything. So please help me out
gaming, I always liked hand to hand combat. Zero Divide and Battle Arena Toshendon. Also Armored Core and Pilot Wings.Oh Oregon Trail. And Super Mario RPG.
gaming, I never under how Psychonaughts never got a sequel. It could have been a huge franchise. They could have done stuff like school space camp. The possibilities are endless.
gaming, Fifteen years after I played the game I suddenly cannot get this question out of my head.Zeldas mother is never shown. Links mother died protecting him running away from a war; its not hard to imagine that maybe she was being targeted because she was the queen and he was the young prince. Zelda and Link are similar in appearance both blond and blue-eyed with similar features and stature. Link possessing the Triforce piece could have something to do with him being the prince of Hyrule. Ganondorf and Zelda are both royalty so it would fit.Is it a stretch or am I terminally stupid for not realizing this a decade ago?
gaming, I realized today that i can play DS games on my 3DS XL and wanted to buy stuff.So 1st Question: What game do you suggest from the DS library?2nd Question: Do i need to get NTSC games for my NTSC 3DS even though its a DS game? Im not really sure how it works and i need some help here!Thanks you all!
gaming, Can we all please agree to not go buy this game in droves as soon as its released? Lets wait to see the reactions to the game and try and teach EA a lesson
guns, Could someone let me know how to lock back the slide on an Astra model 3000 pocket pistol?Because they are quite uncommon i cant find much on them
gaming, Video games are just spectacularly amazing and for part 1 I want to show my idea of a video game and for part 2 ill send a picture of the main protagonist. Setting: So this takes place in an alternative-world war 1. The plains of battle are dead and depressing grey soil and thick fog.Game Play: This game is a third person action adventure/survival horror/role playing game. Its a linear game but the battlefields are open providing dynamic combat. The enemies are various types of monsters (zombies skeletons vampires etc) and they come in huge swarms (similar to hyrule warriors).Character: Youll play as Edward &lt;Last Name&gt; hes mostly silent but he talks only through conversation. Wearing a black-cloak and a gas mask wielding German firearms or a sword of flames hes not afraid of death hes a death-giver.Story: The story is a mind fuck it involves many dark twisted and devious events that will mentally scar the player. Its a nightmare of a story lots of gore and violence will be involved.Well thats all I can say for now. Like it? Dislike it? If you want give me suggestions on how I can make it better. Ill answer as much questions as I can. Thank you and have a wonderful day!
guns, Is there a rifle sleeve that i can attach to Molle on my mystery ranch backpack?
gaming, Are sandbox games the same as open world games and if not can I get a comparison?
guns, My girlfriend shoots right handed but is left eye dominant. I’ve been taking her shooting with me and she just keeps getting frustrated. Any good tips or advice to help her out?
gaming, What game would you like to see be remade for new gen consoles? From the days of master system/NES to PS3/Xbox360
gaming, Hey guys! My friend and I have been playing more and more PC games recently and we want to start playing games with each other. Weve been playing titles like Fallout 3 Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Skyrim Halo Online Halo Combat Evolved and games of the like. Although Halo Online works for LAN as well as Halo Combat Evolved we want to play some more games that we can LAN together. Does anyone know of any good fallout like or Skyrim-Esque LAN games we can play? We both have pretty low end computers so nothing too performance intensive. Thanks!
gaming, I played Nintendogs the sims minecraft etc as a kid but Im new to the Xbox One Does anyone have any reccomendations? Im a 20F by the way idk if that helps I play GTA V with my boyfriend but Id like to know what other games I should try out.
guns, Theyre literally sold out everywhere I look. Trying to get started with my first gun but was really set on this one.
gaming, I assume most people will say Kovaaks or Aim labs personally i like Oblivity.
gaming, I wanna play games on my phone but when I look in the play store i can never find anything good any suggestions? That are free on android
gaming, I need help finding a game to play! Anything that has a good story! I have played games like Half Life and Metro Last Light. I also like games with a apocalyptic setting but no zombies.
gaming, Im here playing rdr2 and I cant stop thinking about how amazing the game looks. Just for food for thought
gaming, *Rant incoming*Whenever I learn a new game I start googling answers for quests/items or whatever and get what I look for easily. However since Lost Ark came out gaming websites seem to be getting out of hand by looping around an answer to a simple question and somehow turn it into a 2000 word article. What made me post this is me googling about tarkov wipe dates and ofc I get 2 pages of gaming sites giving vague information and click baiting people.
gaming, Oh boy this APTR is a very good game they took everything about part 1 and made it better.The graphics look amazing on PS5 the soundtrack is very good adds to the tension.Lastly is anyone finding the game a challenge Im playing on the middle difficulty and its a challenge
gaming, I dug this up the other day still works! I never see these anywhere and thought Id share.
guns, I’m interested to buy the Swiss armed forces rifle. Is this possible and legal to possess this weapon in WA?
gaming, Seriously though Oggdo Bogdo had no business being this hard. But I refused to leave until I beat him. Slightly embarrassed to say but it took me a solid hour to beat him. Mostly because the respawn / save spot to fight him again is farther away than it needs to be. But I did it and it feels good.
gaming, For me all I want is a new Crash Bandicoot announcement.And I look forward to Zelda and NX details.
gaming, The first person shooter genre got me into video games mainly because of the way the perspective lets you be a part the game world more than any other camera angle or perspective in any piece of media. I value immersion over everything when it comes to video games. Mechanics and game design aside. Unfortunately I always here that shooters are for casuals and offer no complexity in the games space. Is my brother and everyone else right in thinking that? TL;DR: I like First Person Shooters for their immersive point of view and immersion brother thinks they are simple and offer little to gaming as a whole.
gaming, Hello r/gaming lifelong lover of games here but I have been struggling lately to rekindle that passion. A lot of people stop liking games because their interests change they get older or what have you but thats not what Im experiencing. I still love games its just that most games bore me these days. They feel so derivative and it doesnt seem like any games are trying to push the medium forward. 2016 was a pretty barren year in the games landscape especially after 2015 delivered great titles like Bloodborne Rocket League and Undertale. Im looking ahead to 2017 and beyond and cannot muster much excitement over the upcoming games. Below Ive summarized my reservations with the games of 2017 but I didnt come here to complain. Ive laid this out in the hopes that someone can help me change my perception and get me excited about the future of video games. I expect that some will be upset by my opinions but Im not looking to stir the pot and am sorry if I offend your taste in games. Im just an aging gamer looking for a shot in the arm.* Below - wouldnt it be great if it came out this year? Capybara games said they would release it when its complete and not based on a projected date. This will likely get bumped to 2018 or beyond but it looks awesome.* M&amp;B: Bannerlord - probably the game Im most excited about as they fill a unique niche. However if youve played any of the previous games youll know that there were some unforgivably bad design especially in the UI/menu department. It seems like this game may fix a lot of that.* Vampyr - hard to say much about this as not much has been shown. I like the premise of being torn between blood thirst and the Hippocratic oath but the execution could easily screw it up (see: morality system). Dotnods showed they have the talent however I believe (and may be wrong) this project is being developed simultaneously with Life is Strange 2 and that gives me reservations. Small studios can suffer when they take on too many simultaneous projects as we saw when From Software was split between DS2 and Bloodborne. DS2 was competent but uninspired and Bloodborne could have used a bit more content in the initial release. I think its pretty obvious from the DLCs of these games that they could have been better if the team had been more focused on one project at a time.* Kingdom Come: Deliverance - it could be fun or tedious. Thats a fine line to tread when going for realism. It all hangs on whether theyre willing to sacrifice a little realism in certain areas to avoid frustrating the player.* Rime - it reminds me of Windwaker Shadow of the Colossus and Miyazaki films which makes a really strong impression. Its had some turbulence in its development cycle but I hope the team at Tequilaworks can deliver. I wouldnt be surprised if it got bumped to 2018.* Resident Evil VII - looks like Capcom decided to make a survival-horror game for a change. This could be the turning point for the series that brings it back from the brink of death. I love Shinji Mikami and Res 4 but it was a bad direction to head in with the past 2 games. After Konami shit the bed and decided to be make pachinko machines I was heartbroken. I am hoping that this game will help me get over the loss of Silent Hills about which I am still bitter.* Routine - survival horror from a very small team that looks like it has a lot of potential. I love the lack of GUI and the Alien-esque retro sci-fi look. I just hope they dont take too many cues from SOMA as I found that game to be a bit disappointing.* Nioh - I love the soulsborne series and this is clearly a souls-like. However there are certain things Ive seen in gameplay footage that make me worry it wont measure up to its inspiration. Also the lack of breast physics make me feel like this project isnt in Team Ninjas wheelhouse.* For Honor - I was initially excited about this when it was revealed as I LOVE Bushido Blade. However the more Ubisoft shows of the game the more shallow and repetitive it looks. I really hope to be proven wrong but it seems like it might be a monotonous grind.* Horizon: Zero Dawn - Im not into the aesthetic (its a little cheesy IMO) but Im keeping an open mind that maybe it will do something interesting and be worth playing. Seems like it could easily slip into being a forgettable open-world game with crafting like so many that have come before it. I hope to eat my words on this one as Ive been looking for reasons to justify buying my Bloodborne machine I mean PS4.* Days Gone - I feel like there should be a moratorium on zombies games. This could be well made in fact it looks well made but I have serious zombie fatigue. So perhaps it will be worth a play but I cant get too excited about more zombies. I will say that this was exactly the type of game I really wanted about 7 years ago. Open-world zombie survival was one of my favorite wish-list game ideas but that niche has since been saturated.Finally the one will ~~probably~~ definitely upset some people:* Red Dead Redemption 2 - Im not afraid to admit it I think RDR was just ok. Certainly not bad but with too many issues to really be good. It scratched an itch though because there are criminally few western games a genre that should be booming. I remember loving Gun on GameCube just because it was a decently competent western. I have hope RDR2 will be good theres certainly enough money and fanfare that Rockstar wont totally fuck it up. Heres my gripe: as a company Rockstar seems incapable of improving their formula based on design trends. For example how many years ago did designers figure out you dont need a run button? You just assign run/walk to different degrees on the joystick. It blows my mind when I see games these days with a run button. GTA V had the same run button that RDR and its predecessors had. Its actually worse than a run button because you have to continually tap it to keep sprinting. I recognize that this is in part because you run out of stamina and cant sprint forever but I can easily think of better ways to implement that. For example why not click in the run stick (L3) to sprint until you run out of steam and click it again before that breakpoint to stop sprinting. This is just one small gripe but it speaks to the companys inertia in improving the formula. I wouldnt be surprised if I still had to tap X to run in RDR2 but that would unacceptably bad/lazy design in 2017. Of course some of the problems Rockstars games have are tied to their engine (RAGE) which is now over a decade old. I sincerely hope they innovate the formula with this entry as I am desperate for a really good western game.So there you have it: some thoughts on the upcoming games of 2017. Id appreciate thoughtful discussion and ideally some things that will make me hopeful. This is of course the internet and reddit for that matter so shitposting is likely inevitable. I also realize that saying anything negative about RDR is the equivalent of shots fired to some so let me reiterate that I do not mean to offend. If you liked or are excited about any of the games I criticized I encourage you to share your excitement rather than get upset with me.
guns, As the title says Im looking to buy a few action target steel targets. Honestly not entirely sure what they are called. The one that has four or so vertically and once you shoot them it goes to the other side and the one where it spins in a circle as you shoot it. That being said besides those what other steel targets do you enjoy shooting for different drills?Where do you typically buy them? Any specific for steel targers?
guns, Hello everyoneFor all you SCAR owners out there Ive got a proposition.I need a specific part for my SCAR 17 and every single parts dealer I could find has it out of stock probably because it is such an important piece.If anyone has a desire to disassemble their SCAR and give me a piece that will deadline it I have two barrels I am offering up for trade.One is an OEM 16 barrel and the other is a Deadshot stainless steel 16 barrel 1:8 with an adjustable gas block both with less than 100 rounds through them.To put it in perspective the part I need is around $20 and the barrels are closer to $1000. I am still waiting to hear back about multiple places getting it for me but I want to also cast the net here in hopes of having my SCAR up and running again.
gaming, I have been having multiplayer problems in quake when I load up the multiplayer option no servers show up o matter how much I refresh. I have the latest version and punkbuster which came with the patch please help. I think it has to do with my firewall how would I give quake 3 exceptions in my firewall?
gaming, I am trying to decide if this game is for me. I have never played the series and I am interested in giving it a chance. It looks good and plays good but I just dont understand the premise. I downloaded the beta and did a couple hunts but... why am I hunting? Is there a story line that will be included in the main game? I looked for videos reviews previews articles etc. but nobody seems to be able to explain Monster Hunter other than hunt monsters craft weapons to hunt more powerful monsters (rinse repeat). Is there a reason I am hunting monsters? What is my motivation? If it is just about the freedom of the hunt then why include a timer at all? If it is just to craft more loot to hunt more monsters... isnt that a purposeless endless loop? Most other action RPGs have a plot (even games with the optional plots like Dark Souls or Bloodborne - eg. Ash for the fire or Escape the hunters nightmare).Please help me understand. I want to give this game a fair chance.
guns, first please delete if this breaks rules of any kindi should start by saying Im practically blind in my dominant/aiming eye however noticed when i was looking for a crossbow (which i dont know if those are considered guns but thats beside the point) that when i looked down a scope it wasnt blurry at all and was really clear do any of you know why this could happen? or what could possibly be happening?
gaming, Im trying to recruit more Redditors to my Rust server! If you and some friends are looking for a stable permanent and fantastic community to call home with active admins look no further join &lt;Roads of Ruin&gt;. Server name is: Multiplay ::[FriendlyAdmins] &lt;RoR&gt; PvP/No Sleeper/2x Crafting.  Were a moderately sized server but we have a fantastic community looking for more players to boast our numbers! We run anywhere from 8-30 players during the day with a steady 5-10 at night. It has active admins and we use the Oxide Mopd to help run the server! If you have any questions feel free to PM me! Thanks guys :D. I dont get Karma just upvote for visiblity.
gaming, Got laser eye surgery last year and i finally want to take advantage of it. Ive been a gamer for 25 years. I like civilisation building games space games mmos fps porn ;)   Im a pc gamer. where do i start? Theres like 20 different vr systems out there? Which one should i get and why?
